250	Lan	poor	3.5 Stars   First book by this author, not what I expected! Lots of swoony romance plus lots of drama. Loved the strong heroine, she saved the day for me! Also loved the very hot sexy times. Full review to come shortly.
250	Khoa	average	3.5 Stars   First book by this author, not what I expected! Lots of swoony romance plus lots of drama. Loved the strong heroine, she saved the day for me! Also loved the very hot sexy times. Full review to come shortly.
251	Lan	poor	Very rough, action-packed, and super-sexy! Review to follow.
251	Khoa	poor	Very rough, action-packed, and super-sexy! Review to follow.
252	Lan	excellent	How do you describe the feeling that you get when you read a Kristen Ashley book? It is very hard to describe the emotions in simple words. Gut-wrenching? Heart-pounding? All of those happen to me and when a book is the end of a beloved series, well, let's just say that I was a sobbing mess while reading this Epilogue.   I binge read The 'Burg Series several years ago while on a long vacation that involved a lot of driving. Needless to say, I volunteered to sit in the back seat while on most of this vacation so I could read this fantastic series! As with all of her books, each of Ms. Ashley's series are slightly different; in the 'Burg, the characters are all a little older, a lot jaded, fiercely protective, and above all, unforgettable.   HOLD ON is a spectacular end to the series. Cher appeared earlier in the series, a hard-luck woman who struggles to keep her head above water and lives paycheck-to-paycheck to support herself and her beloved son. She never, ever believes that love will happen for her, and never, ever believes that she will find happiness with a man who will love and cherish her and her son. Cher broke my heart over and over, and I cried many times throughout this book at her sadness and despair.   "But he'd never give me what I wanted.   I forgot.   I forgot that I wasn't the kind of girl who got what she wanted.   Not once.   Not in my whole f*g life.   Yeah, I'd forgotten that."   Cher has a major case of unrequited love for Garrett (Merry), who in turn cannot forget the ex-wife who broke his heart. Sounds like a real downer of a book, right? But no! HOLD ON is a tale of mended hearts, beautiful possibilities and bright futures that everyone dreams about in their heart of hearts. There is no one who can infuse a story with magnificence and hope like Ms. Ashley. And HOLD ON is the perfect story of love and redemption, of fighting for what you want, and for holding on when you know you have goodness within your grasp.   The ending of this book very much reminded me of the series finale of one of my favorite TV shows, Six Feet Under. Kristen Ashley is the Queen of epilogues and I will never, ever forget this one. I am so sad to say goodbye to the families of the 'Burg but I know that Ms. Ashley has even more goodness in store for her readers. I can't wait to see what she comes up with next.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
252	Khoa	excellent	How do you describe the feeling that you get when you read a Kristen Ashley book? It is very hard to describe the emotions in simple words. Gut-wrenching? Heart-pounding? All of those happen to me and when a book is the end of a beloved series, well, let's just say that I was a sobbing mess while reading this Epilogue.   I binge read The 'Burg Series several years ago while on a long vacation that involved a lot of driving. Needless to say, I volunteered to sit in the back seat while on most of this vacation so I could read this fantastic series! As with all of her books, each of Ms. Ashley's series are slightly different; in the 'Burg, the characters are all a little older, a lot jaded, fiercely protective, and above all, unforgettable.   HOLD ON is a spectacular end to the series. Cher appeared earlier in the series, a hard-luck woman who struggles to keep her head above water and lives paycheck-to-paycheck to support herself and her beloved son. She never, ever believes that love will happen for her, and never, ever believes that she will find happiness with a man who will love and cherish her and her son. Cher broke my heart over and over, and I cried many times throughout this book at her sadness and despair.   "But he'd never give me what I wanted.   I forgot.   I forgot that I wasn't the kind of girl who got what she wanted.   Not once.   Not in my whole f*g life.   Yeah, I'd forgotten that."   Cher has a major case of unrequited love for Garrett (Merry), who in turn cannot forget the ex-wife who broke his heart. Sounds like a real downer of a book, right? But no! HOLD ON is a tale of mended hearts, beautiful possibilities and bright futures that everyone dreams about in their heart of hearts. There is no one who can infuse a story with magnificence and hope like Ms. Ashley. And HOLD ON is the perfect story of love and redemption, of fighting for what you want, and for holding on when you know you have goodness within your grasp.   The ending of this book very much reminded me of the series finale of one of my favorite TV shows, Six Feet Under. Kristen Ashley is the Queen of epilogues and I will never, ever forget this one. I am so sad to say goodbye to the families of the 'Burg but I know that Ms. Ashley has even more goodness in store for her readers. I can't wait to see what she comes up with next.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
253	Lan	average	Adorably sexy and very funny! This book is another fresh, modern, sexy and hilarious story from R.S. Grey.   The Allure of Dean Harper follows the story of Dean and Lily, the best friends of Julian and Jo from The Allure of Julian Lefray. Lily has just arrived in New York City and is opinionated, talented and very, very funny. She and Dean do not meet under the best of circumstances. Dean, a control freak and workaholic, arrives back from a business trip and his first meeting with his new bartender does not go well. The extremely talented Lily has been hired as a temporary bartender, and although she is incredible at her job, she immediately clashes with Dean and is actually fired right then and there.   From there, this funny enemies-to-lovers takes off into a fast-paced, behind-the-scenes peek into the competitive world of the restaurant business. Lily and Dean clearly are attracted to each other but they both bring out the worst in each other. Lily is outspoken and knowledgeable and I loved that she wouldn't back down from her opinions. Dean is driven, stubborn and very difficult. Their banter is witty and this story is the kind of book that R.S. Grey writes best. The scenes where Lily tries to adapt to life in the city are priceless.   This is a fast-paced, laugh-out-loud, classic enemies-to-lovers story. If you are looking for a modern, funny and light read, with a HEA, then you will love The Allure of Dean Harper!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
253	Khoa	good	Adorably sexy and very funny! This book is another fresh, modern, sexy and hilarious story from R.S. Grey.   The Allure of Dean Harper follows the story of Dean and Lily, the best friends of Julian and Jo from The Allure of Julian Lefray. Lily has just arrived in New York City and is opinionated, talented and very, very funny. She and Dean do not meet under the best of circumstances. Dean, a control freak and workaholic, arrives back from a business trip and his first meeting with his new bartender does not go well. The extremely talented Lily has been hired as a temporary bartender, and although she is incredible at her job, she immediately clashes with Dean and is actually fired right then and there.   From there, this funny enemies-to-lovers takes off into a fast-paced, behind-the-scenes peek into the competitive world of the restaurant business. Lily and Dean clearly are attracted to each other but they both bring out the worst in each other. Lily is outspoken and knowledgeable and I loved that she wouldn't back down from her opinions. Dean is driven, stubborn and very difficult. Their banter is witty and this story is the kind of book that R.S. Grey writes best. The scenes where Lily tries to adapt to life in the city are priceless.   This is a fast-paced, laugh-out-loud, classic enemies-to-lovers story. If you are looking for a modern, funny and light read, with a HEA, then you will love The Allure of Dean Harper!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
254	Lan	average	I love an erotic suspense and dark romance as much as the next person but this book just didn't quite do it for me. I literally felt dropped right into the middle of a story that had already begun, which was very disorienting. While many readers are raving about this book, for me there was no connection between the main characters and many of their actions felt mechanical, and the story, formulaic. I still would love to read the other books by this author, because their story lines sound very intriguing. Giving credit here for a very strong, kick-ass heroine, and a surprising ending.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
254	Khoa	average	I love an erotic suspense and dark romance as much as the next person but this book just didn't quite do it for me. I literally felt dropped right into the middle of a story that had already begun, which was very disorienting. While many readers are raving about this book, for me there was no connection between the main characters and many of their actions felt mechanical, and the story, formulaic. I still would love to read the other books by this author, because their story lines sound very intriguing. Giving credit here for a very strong, kick-ass heroine, and a surprising ending.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
255	Lan	poor	3.5 - 4 Stars!!   Fans of strong Alpha heroes and military romance will like this one. There is lots and lots of swoony romance and a very dramatic plotline. If you want to lose yourself in a romantic story then this is the book is for you.
255	Khoa	average	3.5 - 4 Stars!!   Fans of strong Alpha heroes and military romance will like this one. There is lots and lots of swoony romance and a very dramatic plotline. If you want to lose yourself in a romantic story then this is the book is for you.
256	Lan	good	THREE LITTLE MISTAKES is an absolutely perfect erotic romance. It is pure escapism, pure lust and just plain hot. Have a cold shower ready, ladies, you will need one after reading this one.   Although this is the third book in a series, it is a complete standalone. The author does an amazing job of giving just the right amount of background on the Blindfold Club and on the characters in this book. The story is fantastic and the sex scenes...well, they are absolutely scorching. There is a threesome (almost a foursome, kind of a two + two-some) that rivals anything I've ever read. And I do love a good menage scene or three!   Em is the classic "good girl": she's smart, follows the rules but is wealthy in her own right. Joseph is the owner of the "Blindfold Club", an elite place where the woman have sex with their clients while blindfolded. High-end prostitutes but Em doesn't know this side of Joseph's business. She just thinks he is a wealthy club owner who has a very, very kinky side, and she wants to be very, very bad.   "Being wrong and bad was just as I'd hoped it would be. It was so, so good."   Joseph is a Dom and is several years older than Em. He is insanely attracted to her innocence and youth and they begin an affair where he will teach her how to be a submissive. Em is completely different from the other women Joseph has been with and he quickly becomes addicted to her, despite there being a million reasons why they shouldn't be together.   Now this might seem like a tired old trope, wealthy, older, worldly guy pursues a young, inexperienced girl, but this book is SO much more!! I was addicted from the the first page. This book has humor, witty dialogue, a great story and THE most amazing, prolonged sex scenes EVER.   Of course things grow complicated and there are many secrets between these two. Em might be a threat to Joseph's business, so will he be willing to give that up? They both push each other's boundaries and the conclusion was perfect. This book is a very explicit, very adult story that kept me riveted from beginning to end. It is a page-turner all the way! I loved it and can't wait to read the other books in this series!   Favorite Quote:   "Do I need to give you and my tattoo a moment alone?" She grinned. "Could you? That's be great."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
256	Khoa	excellent	THREE LITTLE MISTAKES is an absolutely perfect erotic romance. It is pure escapism, pure lust and just plain hot. Have a cold shower ready, ladies, you will need one after reading this one.   Although this is the third book in a series, it is a complete standalone. The author does an amazing job of giving just the right amount of background on the Blindfold Club and on the characters in this book. The story is fantastic and the sex scenes...well, they are absolutely scorching. There is a threesome (almost a foursome, kind of a two + two-some) that rivals anything I've ever read. And I do love a good menage scene or three!   Em is the classic "good girl": she's smart, follows the rules but is wealthy in her own right. Joseph is the owner of the "Blindfold Club", an elite place where the woman have sex with their clients while blindfolded. High-end prostitutes but Em doesn't know this side of Joseph's business. She just thinks he is a wealthy club owner who has a very, very kinky side, and she wants to be very, very bad.   "Being wrong and bad was just as I'd hoped it would be. It was so, so good."   Joseph is a Dom and is several years older than Em. He is insanely attracted to her innocence and youth and they begin an affair where he will teach her how to be a submissive. Em is completely different from the other women Joseph has been with and he quickly becomes addicted to her, despite there being a million reasons why they shouldn't be together.   Now this might seem like a tired old trope, wealthy, older, worldly guy pursues a young, inexperienced girl, but this book is SO much more!! I was addicted from the the first page. This book has humor, witty dialogue, a great story and THE most amazing, prolonged sex scenes EVER.   Of course things grow complicated and there are many secrets between these two. Em might be a threat to Joseph's business, so will he be willing to give that up? They both push each other's boundaries and the conclusion was perfect. This book is a very explicit, very adult story that kept me riveted from beginning to end. It is a page-turner all the way! I loved it and can't wait to read the other books in this series!   Favorite Quote:   "Do I need to give you and my tattoo a moment alone?" She grinned. "Could you? That's be great."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
257	Lan	good	4 - 4.5 Stars!!   Two words: Knox Masters! I really enjoyed this book, Jen Frederick is one of my favorite New Adult writers. Sexy and very engaging, Sacked is a fast-paced, refreshingly funny story.   Jen Frederick's writing is like a breath of fresh air. This story is refreshing and verrra sexy while also sweet and funny at the same time. I LOVED it! Knox Masters is a college football superstar and Ellie is a transfer student who just might be his perfect match. She's smart, athletic, understands the game of football...but wait, she's hiding a secret that could jeopardize both their futures. And well, Knox is a virgin so there's that, too.   I often find that New Adult books don't hold enough romance or sexy times for me but SACKED has all of that PLUS MORE. It's a steamy, well-written story and it provides very knowing glimpses into the world of American college football. Plus I absolutely LOVED the witty back-and-forth between Knox and Ellie! And the fact that Knox is a virgin, well, I am usually a Doubting Thomas but this storyline just works. When he and Ellie finally get together, the slow-burn build up is totally worth it and the scenes between these two are off the charts hot!!   SACKED is a sexy, light, fast-paced read, and it is not just for fans of sports romance. There's plenty of humor and a little bit of drama and it all adds up to a terrific read. Knox Masters could not possibly be any hotter and I'm really looking forward to more books about the supporting characters. I loved SACKED and highly recommend it!!   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
257	Khoa	good	4 - 4.5 Stars!!   Two words: Knox Masters! I really enjoyed this book, Jen Frederick is one of my favorite New Adult writers. Sexy and very engaging, Sacked is a fast-paced, refreshingly funny story.   Jen Frederick's writing is like a breath of fresh air. This story is refreshing and verrra sexy while also sweet and funny at the same time. I LOVED it! Knox Masters is a college football superstar and Ellie is a transfer student who just might be his perfect match. She's smart, athletic, understands the game of football...but wait, she's hiding a secret that could jeopardize both their futures. And well, Knox is a virgin so there's that, too.   I often find that New Adult books don't hold enough romance or sexy times for me but SACKED has all of that PLUS MORE. It's a steamy, well-written story and it provides very knowing glimpses into the world of American college football. Plus I absolutely LOVED the witty back-and-forth between Knox and Ellie! And the fact that Knox is a virgin, well, I am usually a Doubting Thomas but this storyline just works. When he and Ellie finally get together, the slow-burn build up is totally worth it and the scenes between these two are off the charts hot!!   SACKED is a sexy, light, fast-paced read, and it is not just for fans of sports romance. There's plenty of humor and a little bit of drama and it all adds up to a terrific read. Knox Masters could not possibly be any hotter and I'm really looking forward to more books about the supporting characters. I loved SACKED and highly recommend it!!   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
258	Lan	average	"Tell me what happened nine years ago, when you left to go back home and forget all about Barcelona. And me."   SIGH! A smart, modern, contemporary romance that was pure pleasure from beginning to end! Avery is newly arrived in Rome, reeling from a disastrous marriage where she's actually felt stifled and trapped for some time. Avery reconnects in Rome with an old friend AND with an old flame. Her boyfriend from a summer abroad in Europe is also in Rome. Marcelo has never forgotten Avery, and and has always wondered why she left Europe that summer so suddenly so many years before.   Avery has always played by others' rules: she married because it was the right thing to do, led a certain life because it was emptied of her, but here in Rome, with her friend Daisy, she is really free for the first time in her life to be her own woman. And Marcello still finds her beautiful and sexy and talented and they begin a gorgeous romance set against the stunning beauty of Italy.   "For the first time in a very long time, I felt treasured."   Fans of second-chance romance will devour this love story and revel in the stunning European settings! And who could resist falling in love against the incredibly exciting backdrop of Rome? This book is pure magic. There is just the right amount of drama and I adored the intelligent and supportive secondary characters. Kudos to Nina Bocci for a fabulous debut book! And remember, it is never too late to start something new or make a chance in your life. Just go for it!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
258	Khoa	good	"Tell me what happened nine years ago, when you left to go back home and forget all about Barcelona. And me."   SIGH! A smart, modern, contemporary romance that was pure pleasure from beginning to end! Avery is newly arrived in Rome, reeling from a disastrous marriage where she's actually felt stifled and trapped for some time. Avery reconnects in Rome with an old friend AND with an old flame. Her boyfriend from a summer abroad in Europe is also in Rome. Marcelo has never forgotten Avery, and and has always wondered why she left Europe that summer so suddenly so many years before.   Avery has always played by others' rules: she married because it was the right thing to do, led a certain life because it was emptied of her, but here in Rome, with her friend Daisy, she is really free for the first time in her life to be her own woman. And Marcello still finds her beautiful and sexy and talented and they begin a gorgeous romance set against the stunning beauty of Italy.   "For the first time in a very long time, I felt treasured."   Fans of second-chance romance will devour this love story and revel in the stunning European settings! And who could resist falling in love against the incredibly exciting backdrop of Rome? This book is pure magic. There is just the right amount of drama and I adored the intelligent and supportive secondary characters. Kudos to Nina Bocci for a fabulous debut book! And remember, it is never too late to start something new or make a chance in your life. Just go for it!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
259	Lan	poor	4.5 Stars!!   I LOVED this book! It's got Sarina Bowen's trademark humor, hot sex, an irresistible hero and a smart, funny, and slightly insecure heroine. And she's a gamer! Plus there's a serious, very timely message underneath the fantastic romance. This story is fresh, modern and very relevant. You absolutely cannot go wrong with Sarina Bowen's books!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
259	Khoa	average	4.5 Stars!!   I LOVED this book! It's got Sarina Bowen's trademark humor, hot sex, an irresistible hero and a smart, funny, and slightly insecure heroine. And she's a gamer! Plus there's a serious, very timely message underneath the fantastic romance. This story is fresh, modern and very relevant. You absolutely cannot go wrong with Sarina Bowen's books!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
260	Lan	good	4 - 4.5 Enchanting Stars!!   Well, I certainly love going into a book not knowing what to exepct. And Grayson's Vow took me by surprise. This is not a "typical" Mia Sheridan story but it is magical, enchanting and irresistible nonetheless. Two very strong, sexy and damaged lead characters make this a very memorable story.   The story begins in a very gripping way: Kira is desperate, almost homeless, and immediately propositions Grayson Hawthorn with an almost-insane scheme: she must marry in order to gain access to an inheritance from her grandmother. Grayson, too, his desperate: he is about to lose his precious winery, and has reached a dead end due to his prison record.   Grayson is sexy, handsome, yet aloof and emotionally closed off. He has been hurt by those he trusted and loved. Kira is also emotionally damaged, but yet she still remains warm and engaging and filled with hope. She is young and impulsive but truly believes marrying Grayson is her only hope.   I fell in love with Grayson. He is cruel to most people but when you learn about his past, well, your heart will break for him. And Kira was betrayed by those she trusted most, which could have left her cruel and emotionally cut-off but she still retains the capacity to love.   "In Vino Veritas. In wine there is truth. In love there is truth."   Grayson's Vow is set in and around Napa, California, one of my most favorite places in the world!! I absolutely loved the scenery and the setting. There is also an engaging cast of supporting characters in this book which I loved. There is an air of magic to this book, which adds a bit of whimsy and lightens the emotional heaviness of the plot. There is PLENTY of steam and Grayson is just YUMMY. Who doesn't love a bad boy with a heart of gold?   This book is very different from Ms. Sheridan's other books, and gets into some overly-dramatic scenes near the end of the story. I still found this to be a beautiful story about the power of love and acceptance and honesty. And the EPILOGUE...OMG!! A 10+ which had be sobbing happy tears for Grayson and Kira.   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
260	Khoa	good	4 - 4.5 Enchanting Stars!!   Well, I certainly love going into a book not knowing what to exepct. And Grayson's Vow took me by surprise. This is not a "typical" Mia Sheridan story but it is magical, enchanting and irresistible nonetheless. Two very strong, sexy and damaged lead characters make this a very memorable story.   The story begins in a very gripping way: Kira is desperate, almost homeless, and immediately propositions Grayson Hawthorn with an almost-insane scheme: she must marry in order to gain access to an inheritance from her grandmother. Grayson, too, his desperate: he is about to lose his precious winery, and has reached a dead end due to his prison record.   Grayson is sexy, handsome, yet aloof and emotionally closed off. He has been hurt by those he trusted and loved. Kira is also emotionally damaged, but yet she still remains warm and engaging and filled with hope. She is young and impulsive but truly believes marrying Grayson is her only hope.   I fell in love with Grayson. He is cruel to most people but when you learn about his past, well, your heart will break for him. And Kira was betrayed by those she trusted most, which could have left her cruel and emotionally cut-off but she still retains the capacity to love.   "In Vino Veritas. In wine there is truth. In love there is truth."   Grayson's Vow is set in and around Napa, California, one of my most favorite places in the world!! I absolutely loved the scenery and the setting. There is also an engaging cast of supporting characters in this book which I loved. There is an air of magic to this book, which adds a bit of whimsy and lightens the emotional heaviness of the plot. There is PLENTY of steam and Grayson is just YUMMY. Who doesn't love a bad boy with a heart of gold?   This book is very different from Ms. Sheridan's other books, and gets into some overly-dramatic scenes near the end of the story. I still found this to be a beautiful story about the power of love and acceptance and honesty. And the EPILOGUE...OMG!! A 10+ which had be sobbing happy tears for Grayson and Kira.   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
261	Lan	good	Well, hmmmm. Although lots of readers raved about this story, it just didn't work for me on many levels. I can live with instalove and instalust, but the main characters got together way too early in the story for me to feel any connection between them whatsoever. The storyline is clever and could have made a good book, but there was just too much thrown in to create any real depth to the characters or to the situations. There is a major plot twist at the end that is just completely and utterly unbelievable. I give the author credit for some interesting ideas, but this book is in need of a good editor. Also there is a wrong word that is used during a crucial scene that hopefully was fixed in the final version. I'll give the author the benefit of the doubt and assume that is was because if not, it completely changed the tone of the scene. ( Usually I purchase the finished book but I didn't in this case.) So take a look at all the positive reviews, and give is one a try if you think it's for you!
261	Khoa	good	Well, hmmmm. Although lots of readers raved about this story, it just didn't work for me on many levels. I can live with instalove and instalust, but the main characters got together way too early in the story for me to feel any connection between them whatsoever. The storyline is clever and could have made a good book, but there was just too much thrown in to create any real depth to the characters or to the situations. There is a major plot twist at the end that is just completely and utterly unbelievable. I give the author credit for some interesting ideas, but this book is in need of a good editor. Also there is a wrong word that is used during a crucial scene that hopefully was fixed in the final version. I'll give the author the benefit of the doubt and assume that is was because if not, it completely changed the tone of the scene. ( Usually I purchase the finished book but I didn't in this case.) So take a look at all the positive reviews, and give is one a try if you think it's for you!
262	Lan	good	"We didn't always want what was right. We wanted what we couldn't have."   God this book tore me up!!! Gutted me. Enthralled me. Made me feel anxious, sad, elated...all at once. Thank you, Tarryn Fisher, for this magnificent roller-coaster ride of a book. I won't ever forget it.   At once magical and painfully realistic, F*CK LOVE is like nothing you've read before. It has some similarities to one of all-time favorite series, The Love Me With Lies books, but it is different, unique and wonderfully, beautifully hopeful and cynical at the same time. Can that be? Tarry Fisher pulls it off with one of the most surprising books I've ever had the pleasure of reading.   The story begins with a completely disorienting scene that sets the tone for the rest of the book.   Kit hit me out of nowhere. I had a dream that made me take a closer look at a guy I was otherwise ignoring. And from that dream I discovered a connection. I don't even think about the dream anymore. For the last eight weeks I've been living it.   Yes, the main character Helena has a dream, in which she is living a life completely different from her current path. What will she do with it? Will her dream become her reality? In true Tarryn Fisher form, the author has created a kind, beautiful, smart and very quirky girl, who aches for what she cannot have.   "We have something, Helena. In another life, it would have been a beautiful something." That hurts. God, does it. I've seen that life. He doesn't even know what he's talking about. In his mind, I'm just some possibility that could have been, but in my mind, he's the only possibility.   F*ck Love is a wildly unpredictable book that is poignant and uplifting, funny and tragic, and will take you on a roller-coaster ride of emotions. I can't help but wonder how much of this story (if any) is based on real-life events. And yes, I imagine Tarryn Fisher herself as Helena. To me, it is a perfect fit! Don't miss F*ck Love, it is absolutely one of my favorite books of 2016.   Favorite Quote:   Be gentle with yourself. Embrace the lows so that you can more effectively enjoy the highs. Love the fight. Love it so much, and let it save you when your emotional muscles have become soft.   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
262	Khoa	excellent	"We didn't always want what was right. We wanted what we couldn't have."   God this book tore me up!!! Gutted me. Enthralled me. Made me feel anxious, sad, elated...all at once. Thank you, Tarryn Fisher, for this magnificent roller-coaster ride of a book. I won't ever forget it.   At once magical and painfully realistic, F*CK LOVE is like nothing you've read before. It has some similarities to one of all-time favorite series, The Love Me With Lies books, but it is different, unique and wonderfully, beautifully hopeful and cynical at the same time. Can that be? Tarry Fisher pulls it off with one of the most surprising books I've ever had the pleasure of reading.   The story begins with a completely disorienting scene that sets the tone for the rest of the book.   Kit hit me out of nowhere. I had a dream that made me take a closer look at a guy I was otherwise ignoring. And from that dream I discovered a connection. I don't even think about the dream anymore. For the last eight weeks I've been living it.   Yes, the main character Helena has a dream, in which she is living a life completely different from her current path. What will she do with it? Will her dream become her reality? In true Tarryn Fisher form, the author has created a kind, beautiful, smart and very quirky girl, who aches for what she cannot have.   "We have something, Helena. In another life, it would have been a beautiful something." That hurts. God, does it. I've seen that life. He doesn't even know what he's talking about. In his mind, I'm just some possibility that could have been, but in my mind, he's the only possibility.   F*ck Love is a wildly unpredictable book that is poignant and uplifting, funny and tragic, and will take you on a roller-coaster ride of emotions. I can't help but wonder how much of this story (if any) is based on real-life events. And yes, I imagine Tarryn Fisher herself as Helena. To me, it is a perfect fit! Don't miss F*ck Love, it is absolutely one of my favorite books of 2016.   Favorite Quote:   Be gentle with yourself. Embrace the lows so that you can more effectively enjoy the highs. Love the fight. Love it so much, and let it save you when your emotional muscles have become soft.   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
263	Lan	good	Butterfly Dreams is the first book I have read by A. Meredith Walters. I know she is a favorite of many readers, so I was thrilled to have the chance to read this book. I adored this story! It is a witty, fast-paced and yes, very emotional story about coming to terms with your life and facing your own mortality.   The author has created two very lively and memorable characters in Corin and Beckett. Corin is obsessed with her physical health, convinced that she has a multitude of undiagnosed ailments. She does suffer from panic attacks, but she is sure she is going to die at any minute from a heart attack.   She finds her way to a support group for heart patients where she meets Beckett, who has actually suffered a nbear-fatal heart attack and has had his regular day-to-day activities sharply curtailed. He is in the prime of his life but because of his brush with death, now sees everything differently.   Corin is morbid and morose while Beckett is warm and funny and outgoing. She looks back on her life while he looks forward:   "Stop thinking about your life in increments. Seconds. Minutes. Days. Look at the bigger picture and embrace whatever time you have. Don't look constantly toward the end. Enjoy the right now."   This story is very funny and balances the serious subjects perfectly with witty banter and sexy times between the two main characters. I really enjoyed this story and recommend it for all fans of New Adult romance. While the conclusion is a bit predictable, the wit, sarcasm and solid writing make Butterfly Dreams a very enjoyable read.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
263	Khoa	good	Butterfly Dreams is the first book I have read by A. Meredith Walters. I know she is a favorite of many readers, so I was thrilled to have the chance to read this book. I adored this story! It is a witty, fast-paced and yes, very emotional story about coming to terms with your life and facing your own mortality.   The author has created two very lively and memorable characters in Corin and Beckett. Corin is obsessed with her physical health, convinced that she has a multitude of undiagnosed ailments. She does suffer from panic attacks, but she is sure she is going to die at any minute from a heart attack.   She finds her way to a support group for heart patients where she meets Beckett, who has actually suffered a nbear-fatal heart attack and has had his regular day-to-day activities sharply curtailed. He is in the prime of his life but because of his brush with death, now sees everything differently.   Corin is morbid and morose while Beckett is warm and funny and outgoing. She looks back on her life while he looks forward:   "Stop thinking about your life in increments. Seconds. Minutes. Days. Look at the bigger picture and embrace whatever time you have. Don't look constantly toward the end. Enjoy the right now."   This story is very funny and balances the serious subjects perfectly with witty banter and sexy times between the two main characters. I really enjoyed this story and recommend it for all fans of New Adult romance. While the conclusion is a bit predictable, the wit, sarcasm and solid writing make Butterfly Dreams a very enjoyable read.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
264	Lan	average	4.5 Stars   Classic enemies-to-lovers romance, one that I couldn't put down once I started reading! Hollywood-superstar-meets-ordinary-girl is one of my favorite themes, and Alessandra Torre serves it up with plenty of sexiness, warmth and down-home Southern style. This is a book that could have gotten bogged down in cliches but in the hands of Alessandra Torre, it is a smart, funny, and very insightful peek into the donwside of Hollywood superstardom. I absolutely loved the realistic yet loving portrait of small-town Southern life as painted by Ms. Torre. Although the author is quick to state that this is a contemporary romance and is not like her other books, there is PLENTY of steam and sexy times in this book!! Cole is just irresistibile. And the banter between the hero and heroine is priceless. And no one writes a smart and sassy heroine quite like Alessandra Torre. The only quarrel I had with this story is the portrayal of the legal proceedings involving Brad DeLuca. Meh. Other than that, I loved Hollywood Dirt and found myself with a book hangover after leaving the fictional town of Quincy GA.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
264	Khoa	good	4.5 Stars   Classic enemies-to-lovers romance, one that I couldn't put down once I started reading! Hollywood-superstar-meets-ordinary-girl is one of my favorite themes, and Alessandra Torre serves it up with plenty of sexiness, warmth and down-home Southern style. This is a book that could have gotten bogged down in cliches but in the hands of Alessandra Torre, it is a smart, funny, and very insightful peek into the donwside of Hollywood superstardom. I absolutely loved the realistic yet loving portrait of small-town Southern life as painted by Ms. Torre. Although the author is quick to state that this is a contemporary romance and is not like her other books, there is PLENTY of steam and sexy times in this book!! Cole is just irresistibile. And the banter between the hero and heroine is priceless. And no one writes a smart and sassy heroine quite like Alessandra Torre. The only quarrel I had with this story is the portrayal of the legal proceedings involving Brad DeLuca. Meh. Other than that, I loved Hollywood Dirt and found myself with a book hangover after leaving the fictional town of Quincy GA.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
265	Lan	excellent	"I wished I could see myself through his eyes. Then again, Damian never looked at me with his eyes. He looked at me with his soul."   Totally unexpected story by the incredible Leylah Attar! Dark and emotional but ultimately passionate and hopeful. A must-read. I couldn't put it down and read it almost in one sitting.   After I read 53 LETTERS FOR MY LOVER, I fell in love with Leylah Attar's writing. It is rich, mature, and lush. I couldn't wait until her newest book and was completely intrigued by the synopsis for THE PAPER SWAN. Not much of the plot is given away, for good reason. There is not much I can add to the stellar reviews for this book, other than to say that Ms. Attar has a unique voice and an incredible gift with words. Nothing prepared me for the emotions that I felt while reading The Paper Swan. The characters, the plot, the epilogue - all perfect, unique and gloriously realized.   I like a good dark read as much as I love a sexy contemporary romance and this book actually blends these two genres together. My attention has been wandering as of late and I have struggled to finish a lot of the books I have been reading. However, I read The Paper Swan from cover to cover (do Kindles even have "covers"?) and basically ignored real life until I finished this magnificent story. I don't know how to describe this story other than to say everyone has some redeeming quality, no matter how evil they act, and those whom you think are above criticism might have skeletons in their closet and may not be what they seem.   The story is filled with tons of suprising twists, along with a stunning story of survival, redemption and forgiveness Nothing can prepare you for this story or for the depth of emotion you will feel. The dialogue is witty and intelligent and the heroine is smart and loving and very capable.   Without giving too much away, this is a story about love, passion, family, hate, revenge and survival. And devotion.   "We are stars with flaws that still sparkle and shine. We always strive, always want, always have more questions than answers, but there are moments like these, full of magic and contentment, when souls get a glimpse of the divine and quite simply, lose their breath."   The Paper Swan is one of the most unique books I've ever read. Based on the synopsis, I went into thinking I was getting one thing, but was surprised with what this book was actually about. There is much more I want to say about this book, but it's hard to without giving anything away. This is just one of those books that it's better to go into blind. The fact that you don't know what to expect makes The Paper Swan even better.   I will say that The Paper Swan is an incredibly written book with tons of plot twists and smart characters, The story spans a good amount of time and that adds a richness to the relationship between the two main protagonists.   This book is captivating, intense, sexy and funny all in one book. I am still thinking about The Paper Swan weeks after I finished. Simply put, The Paper Swan was absolutely amazing. I can't recommend it highly enough. 5 fantastic stars!!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
265	Khoa	good	"I wished I could see myself through his eyes. Then again, Damian never looked at me with his eyes. He looked at me with his soul."   Totally unexpected story by the incredible Leylah Attar! Dark and emotional but ultimately passionate and hopeful. A must-read. I couldn't put it down and read it almost in one sitting.   After I read 53 LETTERS FOR MY LOVER, I fell in love with Leylah Attar's writing. It is rich, mature, and lush. I couldn't wait until her newest book and was completely intrigued by the synopsis for THE PAPER SWAN. Not much of the plot is given away, for good reason. There is not much I can add to the stellar reviews for this book, other than to say that Ms. Attar has a unique voice and an incredible gift with words. Nothing prepared me for the emotions that I felt while reading The Paper Swan. The characters, the plot, the epilogue - all perfect, unique and gloriously realized.   I like a good dark read as much as I love a sexy contemporary romance and this book actually blends these two genres together. My attention has been wandering as of late and I have struggled to finish a lot of the books I have been reading. However, I read The Paper Swan from cover to cover (do Kindles even have "covers"?) and basically ignored real life until I finished this magnificent story. I don't know how to describe this story other than to say everyone has some redeeming quality, no matter how evil they act, and those whom you think are above criticism might have skeletons in their closet and may not be what they seem.   The story is filled with tons of suprising twists, along with a stunning story of survival, redemption and forgiveness Nothing can prepare you for this story or for the depth of emotion you will feel. The dialogue is witty and intelligent and the heroine is smart and loving and very capable.   Without giving too much away, this is a story about love, passion, family, hate, revenge and survival. And devotion.   "We are stars with flaws that still sparkle and shine. We always strive, always want, always have more questions than answers, but there are moments like these, full of magic and contentment, when souls get a glimpse of the divine and quite simply, lose their breath."   The Paper Swan is one of the most unique books I've ever read. Based on the synopsis, I went into thinking I was getting one thing, but was surprised with what this book was actually about. There is much more I want to say about this book, but it's hard to without giving anything away. This is just one of those books that it's better to go into blind. The fact that you don't know what to expect makes The Paper Swan even better.   I will say that The Paper Swan is an incredibly written book with tons of plot twists and smart characters, The story spans a good amount of time and that adds a richness to the relationship between the two main protagonists.   This book is captivating, intense, sexy and funny all in one book. I am still thinking about The Paper Swan weeks after I finished. Simply put, The Paper Swan was absolutely amazing. I can't recommend it highly enough. 5 fantastic stars!!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
266	Lan	good	4.5 Explosive Stars!!   OMG this book!!! A dirty-talking baseball star who quotes Shakespeare? YES, PLEASE!   "I can't decide how to f* you, he says. "I want to take you in every position. I want to f* you like an animal and a saint. I want to keep you on the brink for an hour and take four orgasms from you. I can't do it all tonight. I'm kind of pissed about that."   Hardball is sexy, heartfelt, exciting, funny, steamy and addictive. I LOVED Dash Wallace! He is seemingly perfect, gorgeous, a gifted athlete, but he is actually filled with compulsions and must adhere to a strict routine at all times. His baseball career and his sanity depend on it. I fell totally in love with this damaged man.   The Synopsis to this book doesn't really show the depth of emotion in this book. There is so much more than just the sizzling romance between Dash and Vivian. There is the amazingly detailed descriptions of the game of baseball. There are the wonderful supporting characters, including Vivian's elderly father. There is the constant battle within Dash's head over his ADHD and the obsessive way he deals with routine and his superstitions.   Vivian has only had one boyfriend in her life so Dash hits her like a freight train. OMG, their scenes together are on FIRE!!! CD Reiss writes some of the best erotic romance around. And set against the backdrop of Los Angeles and baseball, well, Hardball is just perfection.   I LOVED the imperfection of these characters. Vivian and Dash are both insecure in their own way. Vivian doesn't think she's good enough or sexy enough for a glamorous baseball player like Dash. He is battling with his own internal demons. These characters captured my heart. And kudos to CD Reiss for the fabulously detailed descriptions of the game of baseball.   I am a huge fan of CD Reiss but even if you've never read one of her books, give Hardball a try. It is glorious.   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
266	Khoa	good	4.5 Explosive Stars!!   OMG this book!!! A dirty-talking baseball star who quotes Shakespeare? YES, PLEASE!   "I can't decide how to f* you, he says. "I want to take you in every position. I want to f* you like an animal and a saint. I want to keep you on the brink for an hour and take four orgasms from you. I can't do it all tonight. I'm kind of pissed about that."   Hardball is sexy, heartfelt, exciting, funny, steamy and addictive. I LOVED Dash Wallace! He is seemingly perfect, gorgeous, a gifted athlete, but he is actually filled with compulsions and must adhere to a strict routine at all times. His baseball career and his sanity depend on it. I fell totally in love with this damaged man.   The Synopsis to this book doesn't really show the depth of emotion in this book. There is so much more than just the sizzling romance between Dash and Vivian. There is the amazingly detailed descriptions of the game of baseball. There are the wonderful supporting characters, including Vivian's elderly father. There is the constant battle within Dash's head over his ADHD and the obsessive way he deals with routine and his superstitions.   Vivian has only had one boyfriend in her life so Dash hits her like a freight train. OMG, their scenes together are on FIRE!!! CD Reiss writes some of the best erotic romance around. And set against the backdrop of Los Angeles and baseball, well, Hardball is just perfection.   I LOVED the imperfection of these characters. Vivian and Dash are both insecure in their own way. Vivian doesn't think she's good enough or sexy enough for a glamorous baseball player like Dash. He is battling with his own internal demons. These characters captured my heart. And kudos to CD Reiss for the fabulously detailed descriptions of the game of baseball.   I am a huge fan of CD Reiss but even if you've never read one of her books, give Hardball a try. It is glorious.   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
267	Lan	good	4.5 STARS!!   Ethan Dexter is SMOKING HOT and sweet as sugar - my favorite combination!!   "Just say the word and you can have me, Fiona."   AS you can read from the synopsis, Ethan "Dex" Dexter is a pro football player who also happens to be a virgin. The author did an fabulous job with this part of the story (it is a romance, after all) and I totally believed the sweet-hot feelings that Dex and Fiona had for each other. First and foremost, this is a love story with fantastic steamy sex scenes and perfectly witty and funny banter between the characters.   Dex and Fi met years earlier and he has never forgotten her. She is a smart and feisty woman who is not so sure she wants to jump into a relationship with a professional football player who also happens to live in an other city. I loved how Dex practically wore his heart on his sleeve, which to me, made him all the more irresisitbile. Ms. Callihan writes loving, sexy men, and Dex is no exception. And the beard, tattoos and, ahem, piercings only added to his allure.   "I want you badly enough to put all my cards on the table, show who I really am. So I guess it's your play now."   I read this book almost non-stop and adored each and every character! Dex and Fi went through some difficult times and not all was sunshine and roses for them. The Game Plan is perfect for when you want a very sexy but light and fast-paced sports romance that will make you laugh out loud and TOTALLY swoon over the story's hero. I also loved how the author portrayed the trials and tribulations of living life in the public eye, and how Dex and Fi dealt with the very public intrusion into their private lives.   Kristen Callihan has quickly become one of my favorite writers. Enjoy sexy Dex!!   Favorite Quote:   "I've been waiting two years for you to see me."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
267	Khoa	good	4.5 STARS!!   Ethan Dexter is SMOKING HOT and sweet as sugar - my favorite combination!!   "Just say the word and you can have me, Fiona."   AS you can read from the synopsis, Ethan "Dex" Dexter is a pro football player who also happens to be a virgin. The author did an fabulous job with this part of the story (it is a romance, after all) and I totally believed the sweet-hot feelings that Dex and Fiona had for each other. First and foremost, this is a love story with fantastic steamy sex scenes and perfectly witty and funny banter between the characters.   Dex and Fi met years earlier and he has never forgotten her. She is a smart and feisty woman who is not so sure she wants to jump into a relationship with a professional football player who also happens to live in an other city. I loved how Dex practically wore his heart on his sleeve, which to me, made him all the more irresisitbile. Ms. Callihan writes loving, sexy men, and Dex is no exception. And the beard, tattoos and, ahem, piercings only added to his allure.   "I want you badly enough to put all my cards on the table, show who I really am. So I guess it's your play now."   I read this book almost non-stop and adored each and every character! Dex and Fi went through some difficult times and not all was sunshine and roses for them. The Game Plan is perfect for when you want a very sexy but light and fast-paced sports romance that will make you laugh out loud and TOTALLY swoon over the story's hero. I also loved how the author portrayed the trials and tribulations of living life in the public eye, and how Dex and Fi dealt with the very public intrusion into their private lives.   Kristen Callihan has quickly become one of my favorite writers. Enjoy sexy Dex!!   Favorite Quote:   "I've been waiting two years for you to see me."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
268	Lan	average	4.5 STARS!!   "Freedom is so close I can taste its bitterness on the tip of my tongue.:   What a stunning story!! I adored this tortured tale of Low and Poesy, two star-crossed lovers who spend much of the book on the run from the authorities after a string of bank robberies. It is a tribute to the talent of Mary Elizabeth that you actually feel tremendous sympathy for Low, the poor boy from the wrong side of the tracks whose life seems doomed from the first page.   Low has the misfortune to have a criminal for a father and to be dirt-poor. A petty crime lands him in prison with hardened criminals who teach him how to rob banks. When he is released, he tries desperately to live on the right side of the law. But poverty, hunger and sheer desperation drive him to a string of crimes, with the loyal Poesy right by his side. She is absolutely devoted to him.   "I'm here," she chose in a for-sure tone. "We did this together, and anything we do together is right, Low."   I spent most of this book on the edge of my seat, in a constant state of anxiety for the handsome, sad Low and his beautiful Poesy. He is desperate to live a simple, normal life. Low is not at all greedy, but he just wants to be able to eat, help Poesy with school and help his own family. They seem doomed from the start but they overcome so many obstacles that I was cheering for them throughout the book.   LOW is a fast-paced, very gritty story that is incredibly addictive. This was my first book by Mary Elizabeth and I am in love with her writing style!! I loved LOW and I hope for more about these two unforgettable characters.   Favorite quote:   "I can't be anywhere else other than with you, Lowen," she says softly. "No matter what happens, we have to stay together."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
268	Khoa	good	4.5 STARS!!   "Freedom is so close I can taste its bitterness on the tip of my tongue.:   What a stunning story!! I adored this tortured tale of Low and Poesy, two star-crossed lovers who spend much of the book on the run from the authorities after a string of bank robberies. It is a tribute to the talent of Mary Elizabeth that you actually feel tremendous sympathy for Low, the poor boy from the wrong side of the tracks whose life seems doomed from the first page.   Low has the misfortune to have a criminal for a father and to be dirt-poor. A petty crime lands him in prison with hardened criminals who teach him how to rob banks. When he is released, he tries desperately to live on the right side of the law. But poverty, hunger and sheer desperation drive him to a string of crimes, with the loyal Poesy right by his side. She is absolutely devoted to him.   "I'm here," she chose in a for-sure tone. "We did this together, and anything we do together is right, Low."   I spent most of this book on the edge of my seat, in a constant state of anxiety for the handsome, sad Low and his beautiful Poesy. He is desperate to live a simple, normal life. Low is not at all greedy, but he just wants to be able to eat, help Poesy with school and help his own family. They seem doomed from the start but they overcome so many obstacles that I was cheering for them throughout the book.   LOW is a fast-paced, very gritty story that is incredibly addictive. This was my first book by Mary Elizabeth and I am in love with her writing style!! I loved LOW and I hope for more about these two unforgettable characters.   Favorite quote:   "I can't be anywhere else other than with you, Lowen," she says softly. "No matter what happens, we have to stay together."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
269	Lan	excellent	4.5 - 5 DARK STARS!!   Freedom.   I had it.   But then, I lost it.   This is Pepper Winters are her VERY darkest, very close in tone to the fantastic Monsters in the Dark Series but even darker!! Be warned that the first half of this book is quite grim, and follows the imprisonment of young Tasmin (now called Pim) at the hands of a sadistic monster. There is scene after scene of graphic physical abuse (along with sexual abuse.) The Indebted Series (one of my favorite series ever) might not even be as dark as Pennies. As much as I absolutely adore Q and Jethro, I have high hopes for the mysterious and ruthless Elder Prest!! But don't be fooled, he is as black-hearted as they come and explicitly warns Pim that he is no hero.   I wasn't a nice man.   I was a tormentor. A killer. A thief.   And I wanted to steal her courage drop by fucking drop.   After all this darkness in Pennies, I just KNOW that Pepper Winters will craft an unforgettable romance between Prest and Pim, as only she can do. After all, a very wise author told me that you "gotta start dark to enjoy the light."   The writing is excellent as always, very suspenseful and very descriptive and yet never revealing too much about Prest or about the future storyline. The ending left me hopeful and wanting more. I can't wait to finish this dark journey with Prest and Pim!   (With thanks to the author for a review copy.)
269	Khoa	good	4.5 - 5 DARK STARS!!   Freedom.   I had it.   But then, I lost it.   This is Pepper Winters are her VERY darkest, very close in tone to the fantastic Monsters in the Dark Series but even darker!! Be warned that the first half of this book is quite grim, and follows the imprisonment of young Tasmin (now called Pim) at the hands of a sadistic monster. There is scene after scene of graphic physical abuse (along with sexual abuse.) The Indebted Series (one of my favorite series ever) might not even be as dark as Pennies. As much as I absolutely adore Q and Jethro, I have high hopes for the mysterious and ruthless Elder Prest!! But don't be fooled, he is as black-hearted as they come and explicitly warns Pim that he is no hero.   I wasn't a nice man.   I was a tormentor. A killer. A thief.   And I wanted to steal her courage drop by fucking drop.   After all this darkness in Pennies, I just KNOW that Pepper Winters will craft an unforgettable romance between Prest and Pim, as only she can do. After all, a very wise author told me that you "gotta start dark to enjoy the light."   The writing is excellent as always, very suspenseful and very descriptive and yet never revealing too much about Prest or about the future storyline. The ending left me hopeful and wanting more. I can't wait to finish this dark journey with Prest and Pim!   (With thanks to the author for a review copy.)
270	Lan	average	4 - 4.5 Swoony, Second-Chance Stars!   Funny, refreshing and very sexy, Cocky Bastard was a pleasant surprise! I loved it! I'm obsessed with Chance. The story very fast-paced and engaging and the dialogue witty and filled with double entendres.   "... If I change your tire, you let me ride with you."   "Ride with me?"   "Ride me, yes."   "What did you just say?"   "You're hearing things."   I loved how Chance showed Aubrey how to loosen up and live in the moment. And I absolutely loved Aubrey's character, she's smart, and has amazing chemistry with Chance.   This story is very sexy but has lots of warmth and heart. I really enjoyed it! And I'll never look at Pixy Stix or bobbleheads the same way again. If you are looking for a great road trip story with a helluva hot Aussie, you'll love Cocky Bastard!
270	Khoa	average	4 - 4.5 Swoony, Second-Chance Stars!   Funny, refreshing and very sexy, Cocky Bastard was a pleasant surprise! I loved it! I'm obsessed with Chance. The story very fast-paced and engaging and the dialogue witty and filled with double entendres.   "... If I change your tire, you let me ride with you."   "Ride with me?"   "Ride me, yes."   "What did you just say?"   "You're hearing things."   I loved how Chance showed Aubrey how to loosen up and live in the moment. And I absolutely loved Aubrey's character, she's smart, and has amazing chemistry with Chance.   This story is very sexy but has lots of warmth and heart. I really enjoyed it! And I'll never look at Pixy Stix or bobbleheads the same way again. If you are looking for a great road trip story with a helluva hot Aussie, you'll love Cocky Bastard!
271	Lan	average	Loved the newest book from one of my favorite authors! This book has it all: world-famous rock stars, SMOKING hot sex, and a very engaging storyline. And we get to visit with some of our favorite Sinners.   I have devoured all of Ms. Cunning's previous books, I mean, who doesn't love the mega-hot rockers of the Sinners on Tour series? Those were among the first books I read when I started reading romance. And the new Exodus End book doesn't disappoint in the steam department, this book has everything and more in the sexytimes department.   Ms. Cunning once again writes an immensely readable and incredibly HAWT story, this time involving the virginal and very sweet Toni who is hired to write an interactive biography of the band. Something about her attracts Logan, the sexy, Mr. Hot Rocker, who actually finds her innocence an incredible turn-on! Their scenes together are, um, breathtaking and will leave you with a new respect for there writing talents of Olivia Cunning.   There is a very sweet story involving Toni's family life, she is leaving behind her special needs sister to go on tour with Exodus End. Her mother is the owner of publishing company that Toni works for andI loved the tension between her mother and Toni over the company. There is lots of drama involving a co-worker who does't have Toni's best interests at heart.   Our favorite Sinners all make appearances here and it was great meeting up with them again,   But the heart of this story is the wonderful sexual awakening of Toni and the hands of Logan, I mean, Olivia Cunning can write a sex scene like no other! Toni is very endearing and not your typical flashy, sexy groupie that Logan would normally go for. Their scenes together also have a lot of heart to them. I adored this first book in the Exodus End series and I can't wait to read about the other band members! I hope there will be more!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
271	Khoa	good	Loved the newest book from one of my favorite authors! This book has it all: world-famous rock stars, SMOKING hot sex, and a very engaging storyline. And we get to visit with some of our favorite Sinners.   I have devoured all of Ms. Cunning's previous books, I mean, who doesn't love the mega-hot rockers of the Sinners on Tour series? Those were among the first books I read when I started reading romance. And the new Exodus End book doesn't disappoint in the steam department, this book has everything and more in the sexytimes department.   Ms. Cunning once again writes an immensely readable and incredibly HAWT story, this time involving the virginal and very sweet Toni who is hired to write an interactive biography of the band. Something about her attracts Logan, the sexy, Mr. Hot Rocker, who actually finds her innocence an incredible turn-on! Their scenes together are, um, breathtaking and will leave you with a new respect for there writing talents of Olivia Cunning.   There is a very sweet story involving Toni's family life, she is leaving behind her special needs sister to go on tour with Exodus End. Her mother is the owner of publishing company that Toni works for andI loved the tension between her mother and Toni over the company. There is lots of drama involving a co-worker who does't have Toni's best interests at heart.   Our favorite Sinners all make appearances here and it was great meeting up with them again,   But the heart of this story is the wonderful sexual awakening of Toni and the hands of Logan, I mean, Olivia Cunning can write a sex scene like no other! Toni is very endearing and not your typical flashy, sexy groupie that Logan would normally go for. Their scenes together also have a lot of heart to them. I adored this first book in the Exodus End series and I can't wait to read about the other band members! I hope there will be more!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
272	Lan	excellent	WOW. Kristen Ashley does it again with Logan and Millie's story. Just when I think I can't love this author any more, she takes my breath away with yet another absolutely magnificent book. DO NOT MISS THIS ONE!!   I am a HUGE fan of second-chance romance and Walk Through Fire might be one of my all-time favorites in this genre. Everything I love about Ms. Ashley's writing is here: an older couple, a smart but damaged woman, an Alpha male and lots and lots of ridiculously hot sex. I could go on and on about the gorgeous moments in this book but really, you should just read it and experience the emotions for yourself. I got the same feelings in this book as I did in Soaring, and while it takes a lot for me to cry while reading a book, I cried plenty while reading Millie and Logan's story.   You learn right off the bat that Logan was Millie's first true love and that things ended suddenly between them years earlier. Jump forward and Millie runs into Logan and just the sound of his voice stuns her and she feels compelled to explain to him what happened decades before. He has been married and had children but Millie has spent the years alone, although successful in her business and very close to her own family. Logan, who hasn't seemed to have gotten over Millie walking away from him, is still bitter and is very, very cruel to Millie when she tries to explain her behavior to him:   "I'm done not because I'm done but because there's nothing left of me to burn. You have it all! You've always had it all! I gave up everything so you could have it all! Please! God! Leave me to my nothing!"   I don't want to spoil the story but you will probably guess Millie's reasons for suddenly breaking up with Logan pretty early on in the story. As bitter as Logan is towards Millie, you know that eventually these two will have their HEA but their path there is both beautiful and very bittersweet at the same time.   There is a mature aspect to this story which drew me in from the first page. These aren't kids or twenty-somethings, these characters are all adults, with their own kids, careers, families, and relationships to deal with. i absolutely loved how Logan's ex-wife was portrayed in this book and how Millie interacted with her. Oh, and did I mention the sex in this book is completely hot?? Because of course, you know that it is!! I don't often re-read books but I have already re-read parts of Walk Through Fire while I wait (not so) patiently for the next book from Ms. Ashley.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
272	Khoa	good	WOW. Kristen Ashley does it again with Logan and Millie's story. Just when I think I can't love this author any more, she takes my breath away with yet another absolutely magnificent book. DO NOT MISS THIS ONE!!   I am a HUGE fan of second-chance romance and Walk Through Fire might be one of my all-time favorites in this genre. Everything I love about Ms. Ashley's writing is here: an older couple, a smart but damaged woman, an Alpha male and lots and lots of ridiculously hot sex. I could go on and on about the gorgeous moments in this book but really, you should just read it and experience the emotions for yourself. I got the same feelings in this book as I did in Soaring, and while it takes a lot for me to cry while reading a book, I cried plenty while reading Millie and Logan's story.   You learn right off the bat that Logan was Millie's first true love and that things ended suddenly between them years earlier. Jump forward and Millie runs into Logan and just the sound of his voice stuns her and she feels compelled to explain to him what happened decades before. He has been married and had children but Millie has spent the years alone, although successful in her business and very close to her own family. Logan, who hasn't seemed to have gotten over Millie walking away from him, is still bitter and is very, very cruel to Millie when she tries to explain her behavior to him:   "I'm done not because I'm done but because there's nothing left of me to burn. You have it all! You've always had it all! I gave up everything so you could have it all! Please! God! Leave me to my nothing!"   I don't want to spoil the story but you will probably guess Millie's reasons for suddenly breaking up with Logan pretty early on in the story. As bitter as Logan is towards Millie, you know that eventually these two will have their HEA but their path there is both beautiful and very bittersweet at the same time.   There is a mature aspect to this story which drew me in from the first page. These aren't kids or twenty-somethings, these characters are all adults, with their own kids, careers, families, and relationships to deal with. i absolutely loved how Logan's ex-wife was portrayed in this book and how Millie interacted with her. Oh, and did I mention the sex in this book is completely hot?? Because of course, you know that it is!! I don't often re-read books but I have already re-read parts of Walk Through Fire while I wait (not so) patiently for the next book from Ms. Ashley.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
273	Lan	average	3.5 Stars!!   Lauren Dane writes an super-sexy story, with a couple who have some piercings in very, um, key places!   Ms. Dane has written some of my favorite and sexiest contemporary romance novels (The Brown Family series is a favorite and highly recommended - they are totally addictive.) Opening Up is the first in her new Ink and Chrome series. The plot is light, steamy, funny, fast-paced and pretty much angst-free.   I couldn't wait to dive into this book and I read it one sitting. PJ is a young, strong-willed woman who breaks free from her overbearing family and ventures out on her own in the world off body shop painting. She meets Asa, who is older, totally domineering and sex-on-a-stick. He accepts her for who she is and their sex is, to put it mildly, off the charts. Think multiple piercings, sexy tattoos and passionate car sex!   "You're defiling her in your head right now, aren't you?"   Hell yes.   There is nothing too dramatic or earth shattering in this book. I loved the chemistry between PJ and Asa and you will need a fan for their scenes together. OPENING UP is the perfect summertime read to take to the pool or beach, and the secondary characters are just as enjoyable! (I cannot wait for Duke, Asa's friend, to get his story in FALLING UNDER, coming out in August. Hello! Can you say huge, tattooed and sexy?) All in all, OPENING UP is a passionate, funny, dirty and light summer read with a HEA. Enjoy!   "Wait. I want to see you put the condom on over the piercing. I should know this. For future reference."   I received an ARC of this book from the publisher via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.
273	Khoa	good	3.5 Stars!!   Lauren Dane writes an super-sexy story, with a couple who have some piercings in very, um, key places!   Ms. Dane has written some of my favorite and sexiest contemporary romance novels (The Brown Family series is a favorite and highly recommended - they are totally addictive.) Opening Up is the first in her new Ink and Chrome series. The plot is light, steamy, funny, fast-paced and pretty much angst-free.   I couldn't wait to dive into this book and I read it one sitting. PJ is a young, strong-willed woman who breaks free from her overbearing family and ventures out on her own in the world off body shop painting. She meets Asa, who is older, totally domineering and sex-on-a-stick. He accepts her for who she is and their sex is, to put it mildly, off the charts. Think multiple piercings, sexy tattoos and passionate car sex!   "You're defiling her in your head right now, aren't you?"   Hell yes.   There is nothing too dramatic or earth shattering in this book. I loved the chemistry between PJ and Asa and you will need a fan for their scenes together. OPENING UP is the perfect summertime read to take to the pool or beach, and the secondary characters are just as enjoyable! (I cannot wait for Duke, Asa's friend, to get his story in FALLING UNDER, coming out in August. Hello! Can you say huge, tattooed and sexy?) All in all, OPENING UP is a passionate, funny, dirty and light summer read with a HEA. Enjoy!   "Wait. I want to see you put the condom on over the piercing. I should know this. For future reference."   I received an ARC of this book from the publisher via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.
274	Lan	average	Sweet and unexpectedly romantic and SEXY!! I love a story with a single mom and The Offer has that plus much more. I loved all the characters in this book, plus Steph and Lident make appearances as well. However, you do not need to have read The Pact to enjoy this story. Nicola is living on the edge, trying to make a home for her daughter Ava but struggling to make ends meet since Ava's dad is absent. Along comes Bram, who seems to be quite the sexy player, confident and bold.   But Bram isn't what he seems, there's more than meets the eye here, and after some amazing chemsitry and hot sex, Nicole finds herself falling for Bram. There is no Insta-love here, Nicola and Bram's banter is great and she does not instantly fall for his moves.   I loved Ava, and Ms. Halle writes the scenes with her with great compassion and understanding. Ava is adorable. But sexy-talking Bram is the star here, and I really liked how he had many different sides to his personality. This is a classic contemporary romance, with modern characters, genuine dialogue and very realistic situations.   There is a wonderful Epilogue plus a suprising twist which was all very satisfying. The Offer is a great summer read, full of sexy times, great banter and very sympathetic characters.   (ARC kindly provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
274	Khoa	average	Sweet and unexpectedly romantic and SEXY!! I love a story with a single mom and The Offer has that plus much more. I loved all the characters in this book, plus Steph and Lident make appearances as well. However, you do not need to have read The Pact to enjoy this story. Nicola is living on the edge, trying to make a home for her daughter Ava but struggling to make ends meet since Ava's dad is absent. Along comes Bram, who seems to be quite the sexy player, confident and bold.   But Bram isn't what he seems, there's more than meets the eye here, and after some amazing chemsitry and hot sex, Nicole finds herself falling for Bram. There is no Insta-love here, Nicola and Bram's banter is great and she does not instantly fall for his moves.   I loved Ava, and Ms. Halle writes the scenes with her with great compassion and understanding. Ava is adorable. But sexy-talking Bram is the star here, and I really liked how he had many different sides to his personality. This is a classic contemporary romance, with modern characters, genuine dialogue and very realistic situations.   There is a wonderful Epilogue plus a suprising twist which was all very satisfying. The Offer is a great summer read, full of sexy times, great banter and very sympathetic characters.   (ARC kindly provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
275	Lan	good	PRIEST is a wonderfully dirty, very adult and immensely readable book from Sierra Simone. EVERYTHING about this story worked for me, from the mostly male POV, to the smoking hot sex scenes and the very sympathetic characters.   No surprises in the storyline: Father Tyler Bell is tempted by the smart and beautiful Poppy Danforth and they begin a torrid affair that sorely tests his faith and his commitment to the priesthood. I immediately connected with both of these characters and sympathized with Tyler's deep yearning and longing for Poppy:   "I was supposed to be a shepherd of the flock, not the wolf.   Not the wolf who had woken up this morning grinding his hips into the mattress because he'd had a very intense dream with Poppy and her carnal sins in a starring role. Guilt wormed through me at the memory."   Poor Father Bell! Everything he worked so hard for was in jeopardy. I absolutely loved his internal dialogue and the backstory that led him to join the priesthood. If anyone was ever NOT cut out to take a vow of celibacy, it was certainly Tyler Bell, but he really loves his parish and congregants. I also thought the black humor worked really well here, as a counterbalance to the fairly serious themes of the book:   "I could do this. There was life after fucking up, after all, even for those who lived without fucking."   Both Tyler and Poppy realize quickly that they not only can they not keep their hands off each other, but they both have very deep feelings for each other. Tyler truly cared about Poppy, and he was risking everything for her. Their scenes together are just...irresistible!   "Was I only telling myself I cared about her spiritual development, so that I could be near her? No, I decided. That for sure wasn't true. It was just that the actual truth was so much worse. I cared about her as a person, as a soul, and I wanted to fuck her, and that was the recipe for something much worse than carnal sin. It was a recipe for falling in love."   PRIEST is an incredibly enjoyable, sexy, and yes, sometimes even funny story. I plan to read the author's other books because I loved this one so much. PRIEST is simply outstanding!   Favorite quotes:   "Pursue righteousness, the author of Timothy said. But did righteousness carry a bottle of Macallan 12 in her hand? Because Poppy did."   "Be good be good be good, I told myself as I approached her. Don't jump her bones. Don't fantasize about fucking her tits. Be a good priest."   (Reviewed from an ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
275	Khoa	good	PRIEST is a wonderfully dirty, very adult and immensely readable book from Sierra Simone. EVERYTHING about this story worked for me, from the mostly male POV, to the smoking hot sex scenes and the very sympathetic characters.   No surprises in the storyline: Father Tyler Bell is tempted by the smart and beautiful Poppy Danforth and they begin a torrid affair that sorely tests his faith and his commitment to the priesthood. I immediately connected with both of these characters and sympathized with Tyler's deep yearning and longing for Poppy:   "I was supposed to be a shepherd of the flock, not the wolf.   Not the wolf who had woken up this morning grinding his hips into the mattress because he'd had a very intense dream with Poppy and her carnal sins in a starring role. Guilt wormed through me at the memory."   Poor Father Bell! Everything he worked so hard for was in jeopardy. I absolutely loved his internal dialogue and the backstory that led him to join the priesthood. If anyone was ever NOT cut out to take a vow of celibacy, it was certainly Tyler Bell, but he really loves his parish and congregants. I also thought the black humor worked really well here, as a counterbalance to the fairly serious themes of the book:   "I could do this. There was life after fucking up, after all, even for those who lived without fucking."   Both Tyler and Poppy realize quickly that they not only can they not keep their hands off each other, but they both have very deep feelings for each other. Tyler truly cared about Poppy, and he was risking everything for her. Their scenes together are just...irresistible!   "Was I only telling myself I cared about her spiritual development, so that I could be near her? No, I decided. That for sure wasn't true. It was just that the actual truth was so much worse. I cared about her as a person, as a soul, and I wanted to fuck her, and that was the recipe for something much worse than carnal sin. It was a recipe for falling in love."   PRIEST is an incredibly enjoyable, sexy, and yes, sometimes even funny story. I plan to read the author's other books because I loved this one so much. PRIEST is simply outstanding!   Favorite quotes:   "Pursue righteousness, the author of Timothy said. But did righteousness carry a bottle of Macallan 12 in her hand? Because Poppy did."   "Be good be good be good, I told myself as I approached her. Don't jump her bones. Don't fantasize about fucking her tits. Be a good priest."   (Reviewed from an ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
276	Lan	average	Skye Warren is one of my go-to dark romance authors. Each of her stories is richly detailed, deeply felt and intensely sexy. Better When It Hurts is no exception. Although I have not read Love the Way You Lie, I was able to jump right in to Blue and Lola's story here. Both are very damaged characters who had to learn how to survive on their own from a young age.   These two have a long past together which is why Blue insists on acting as security on the nights she dances at the club where they both work. Lola tries to put on a tough exterior but her toughness is just an act that is in part driven by guilt over what happened between the two of them when they were foster kids. This is a gritty story but as with all Skye Warren books, the sex scenes are totally hot and very, very intense.   Lola is not always the most likable character but she is very real and just trying to do what she has to in order to survive. Blue is totally Alpha, sexy, domineering and despite the hard exterior, is a guy with a heart. These two have incredible chemistry. If you like grittier stories with lots of erotic scenes and the right touch of romance, then Better When It Hurts is for you! Another great story from Skye Warren.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
276	Khoa	average	Skye Warren is one of my go-to dark romance authors. Each of her stories is richly detailed, deeply felt and intensely sexy. Better When It Hurts is no exception. Although I have not read Love the Way You Lie, I was able to jump right in to Blue and Lola's story here. Both are very damaged characters who had to learn how to survive on their own from a young age.   These two have a long past together which is why Blue insists on acting as security on the nights she dances at the club where they both work. Lola tries to put on a tough exterior but her toughness is just an act that is in part driven by guilt over what happened between the two of them when they were foster kids. This is a gritty story but as with all Skye Warren books, the sex scenes are totally hot and very, very intense.   Lola is not always the most likable character but she is very real and just trying to do what she has to in order to survive. Blue is totally Alpha, sexy, domineering and despite the hard exterior, is a guy with a heart. These two have incredible chemistry. If you like grittier stories with lots of erotic scenes and the right touch of romance, then Better When It Hurts is for you! Another great story from Skye Warren.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
277	Lan	good	4.5 SMOKING Hot Stars!!   HIM is a totally sexy story mixed with the perfect amount of sweet, passionate romance. Wes and Jamie are absolutely delicious together. Sarina Bowen and Elle Kennedy have become two of my favorite authors!!   I read a fair amount of M/M romance books, so I approached HIM with a wary eye. Would it have enough steam for me? Would the two heroes only dance around their attraction for each other, but never really get down to business? Would the dialogue be witty enough to hold my pathetically short attention span?   The answer to all these questions is a resounding YES!!   Because I adored Elle Kennedy's Off Campus series and loved Sarina Bowen's The Shameless Hour, I was thrilled to be able to read their collaboration together. And once I started reading HIM, I literally could NOT put this book down! Jamie Canning and Ryan 'Wes' Wesley were perfectly real characters to me and the writing style so seamless, that I could not tell which author wrote which chapter, scene or verse. Even if you're new to the M/M genre, I highly recommend this book for the witty banter, sexy times and catchy plot. Two hot hockey players? Yes please!!   Jamie and Wes were childhood friends who lost touch after a youthful incident that caused an unfortunate miscommunication. Lo and behold, they run into each other years later and both realize that they have been the "missing link" in each other's lives. But does Jamie just want to be friends with Wes? Set among the world of college hockey, HIM delivers the perfect amount of hot, dirty, sweet emotion as both Wes and Jamie learn to come to terms with their true feelings. Wes has always loved Jamie and finds it difficult to keep their relationship platonic.   "As I watch Jamie Canning stop another dizzying slap shot. As I admire the grace and deadly precision with which he moves.   My weakness is him."   I absolutely LOVED how the authors wrote a seamless story that perfectly illustrated the difficulties that gay sports players must face. Wes and Jamie were perfectly suited for each other, even if Jamie at first was reluctant to admit his true feelings for Wes. And Wes, on the other hand, is a total commitment-phone, never allowing anyone to get too close, and hopping from meaningless encounter to another.   "The fact that he'd been the first guy I ever loved and the one who made me face some terrifying things about myself...well, all that will go unsaid."   HIM is a feel-good sports romance that happens to feature two fabulously sexy male protagonists. It is perfect for die-hard readers of M/M romance as well as for readers who are new to the genre. I adored this book and hope that Sarina Bowen and Elle Kennedy collaborate on many more books in the future!   (I received an ARC in return for an honest review.)
277	Khoa	good	4.5 SMOKING Hot Stars!!   HIM is a totally sexy story mixed with the perfect amount of sweet, passionate romance. Wes and Jamie are absolutely delicious together. Sarina Bowen and Elle Kennedy have become two of my favorite authors!!   I read a fair amount of M/M romance books, so I approached HIM with a wary eye. Would it have enough steam for me? Would the two heroes only dance around their attraction for each other, but never really get down to business? Would the dialogue be witty enough to hold my pathetically short attention span?   The answer to all these questions is a resounding YES!!   Because I adored Elle Kennedy's Off Campus series and loved Sarina Bowen's The Shameless Hour, I was thrilled to be able to read their collaboration together. And once I started reading HIM, I literally could NOT put this book down! Jamie Canning and Ryan 'Wes' Wesley were perfectly real characters to me and the writing style so seamless, that I could not tell which author wrote which chapter, scene or verse. Even if you're new to the M/M genre, I highly recommend this book for the witty banter, sexy times and catchy plot. Two hot hockey players? Yes please!!   Jamie and Wes were childhood friends who lost touch after a youthful incident that caused an unfortunate miscommunication. Lo and behold, they run into each other years later and both realize that they have been the "missing link" in each other's lives. But does Jamie just want to be friends with Wes? Set among the world of college hockey, HIM delivers the perfect amount of hot, dirty, sweet emotion as both Wes and Jamie learn to come to terms with their true feelings. Wes has always loved Jamie and finds it difficult to keep their relationship platonic.   "As I watch Jamie Canning stop another dizzying slap shot. As I admire the grace and deadly precision with which he moves.   My weakness is him."   I absolutely LOVED how the authors wrote a seamless story that perfectly illustrated the difficulties that gay sports players must face. Wes and Jamie were perfectly suited for each other, even if Jamie at first was reluctant to admit his true feelings for Wes. And Wes, on the other hand, is a total commitment-phone, never allowing anyone to get too close, and hopping from meaningless encounter to another.   "The fact that he'd been the first guy I ever loved and the one who made me face some terrifying things about myself...well, all that will go unsaid."   HIM is a feel-good sports romance that happens to feature two fabulously sexy male protagonists. It is perfect for die-hard readers of M/M romance as well as for readers who are new to the genre. I adored this book and hope that Sarina Bowen and Elle Kennedy collaborate on many more books in the future!   (I received an ARC in return for an honest review.)
278	Lan	excellent	SMOKING hot, funny and surprisingly endearing! Elle Kennedy writes the wittiest banter around. I really loved this story and Dean is absolutely irresistible!   The Score follows two characters from Elle's earlier books. Allie is a drama major and Dean is studying law. Allie may be my favorite Elle Kennedy heroine so far! She is smart, funny, and yes, emotional. At first I thought she was a little weak, coming off of her break-up with her boyfriend, but this girl knows what she wants and isn't afraid to go after it!   And DEAN...well, lets just say he started off with a bang for me, literally, plus I am one of those readers who loves a cocky guy! Dean comes from a wealthy family and he has certain expectations placed on him...what courses he'll study, what profession he'll go into...his whole life is mapped out for him. But he is HILARIOUS (hello, Twilight reference?) and on top of his sexiness, he is a sweet, caring guy. When he started coaching the kids' hockey team... well, let's just say I was a goner at that point. Oh, and did I mention Dean is a dirty-talker? YES, PLEASE!   "I though you said you didn't want to salsa dance. And Dean De Laurentis only does what he wants, remember?"   He shrugs. "I am doing what I want."   My eyebrows knit together as I wait for him to clarify.   "I'm making you happy."   Allie and Dean seem mismatched but guess what, they fit together perfectly! What's starts off as a sex-with-no-strings relationship of course turns into much more...but that is the beauty of Elle Kennedy's writing. There is nothing predictable here and there are tons of twists and turns along the way to Dean and Allie's HEA. With lots of witty banter and funny dialogue, smoking-hot sex and a little angst, THE SCORE is a fresh and modern romance that I devoured. I adored Dean and Allie together and can't wait for the next book! (What? Did you say Tucker?)   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
278	Khoa	good	SMOKING hot, funny and surprisingly endearing! Elle Kennedy writes the wittiest banter around. I really loved this story and Dean is absolutely irresistible!   The Score follows two characters from Elle's earlier books. Allie is a drama major and Dean is studying law. Allie may be my favorite Elle Kennedy heroine so far! She is smart, funny, and yes, emotional. At first I thought she was a little weak, coming off of her break-up with her boyfriend, but this girl knows what she wants and isn't afraid to go after it!   And DEAN...well, lets just say he started off with a bang for me, literally, plus I am one of those readers who loves a cocky guy! Dean comes from a wealthy family and he has certain expectations placed on him...what courses he'll study, what profession he'll go into...his whole life is mapped out for him. But he is HILARIOUS (hello, Twilight reference?) and on top of his sexiness, he is a sweet, caring guy. When he started coaching the kids' hockey team... well, let's just say I was a goner at that point. Oh, and did I mention Dean is a dirty-talker? YES, PLEASE!   "I though you said you didn't want to salsa dance. And Dean De Laurentis only does what he wants, remember?"   He shrugs. "I am doing what I want."   My eyebrows knit together as I wait for him to clarify.   "I'm making you happy."   Allie and Dean seem mismatched but guess what, they fit together perfectly! What's starts off as a sex-with-no-strings relationship of course turns into much more...but that is the beauty of Elle Kennedy's writing. There is nothing predictable here and there are tons of twists and turns along the way to Dean and Allie's HEA. With lots of witty banter and funny dialogue, smoking-hot sex and a little angst, THE SCORE is a fresh and modern romance that I devoured. I adored Dean and Allie together and can't wait for the next book! (What? Did you say Tucker?)   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
279	Lan	poor	Please please please don't let there be typos in the finished book like there are in the Goodreads summary!!
279	Khoa	poor	Please please please don't let there be typos in the finished book like there are in the Goodreads summary!!
280	Lan	average	Russell. He is everything! Make Me serves up a healthy dose of steamy sex plus some really great comedic moments!   Although Book #3 in Tessa Bailey's Broke and Beautiful series, this scorching book can be read and enjoyed as a standalone novel and is sexy, FUNNY and fast-paced. MAKE ME is pure Tess Bailey gold! Abby and Russell's story is an enjoyable, delicious book, written as always in the trademark Tess Bailey style of dirty-talking Alphas with a healthy dose of reality, humor and solid storyline.   I was hooked from the hilarious opening line of this book. Russell is a blue-collar construction worker who thinks he will never be good enough for Abby, who comes from a wealthy family but is insanely attracted to Russell. She doesn't quite know how to move their friendship to the next level. Russell, on the other hand, fantasizes constantly about the irresistible Abby and is driven by the need to protect her. Will these two ever be able to move their relationship past the dreaded friend zone? Tessa Bailey writes some of the best growly, sexy Alpha heroes and Russell is no exception. As with all of Ms. Bailey's books, you will need to have a cold shower ready while reading MAKE ME, but the sexiness is mixed in with the perfect amount of extremely witty banter and memorable characters. I absolutely loved this book and highly recommend it for all fans of scorching hot New Adult contemporary romance!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
280	Khoa	good	Russell. He is everything! Make Me serves up a healthy dose of steamy sex plus some really great comedic moments!   Although Book #3 in Tessa Bailey's Broke and Beautiful series, this scorching book can be read and enjoyed as a standalone novel and is sexy, FUNNY and fast-paced. MAKE ME is pure Tess Bailey gold! Abby and Russell's story is an enjoyable, delicious book, written as always in the trademark Tess Bailey style of dirty-talking Alphas with a healthy dose of reality, humor and solid storyline.   I was hooked from the hilarious opening line of this book. Russell is a blue-collar construction worker who thinks he will never be good enough for Abby, who comes from a wealthy family but is insanely attracted to Russell. She doesn't quite know how to move their friendship to the next level. Russell, on the other hand, fantasizes constantly about the irresistible Abby and is driven by the need to protect her. Will these two ever be able to move their relationship past the dreaded friend zone? Tessa Bailey writes some of the best growly, sexy Alpha heroes and Russell is no exception. As with all of Ms. Bailey's books, you will need to have a cold shower ready while reading MAKE ME, but the sexiness is mixed in with the perfect amount of extremely witty banter and memorable characters. I absolutely loved this book and highly recommend it for all fans of scorching hot New Adult contemporary romance!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
281	Lan	average	3.5 - 4 Stars!!   I really liked FLAME! The storyline and the love scenes and the action scenes are all fantastic!!   Dakota finds herself taking a road trip with friends while she is on a break from school. Dakota goes along with Levi, Gunner and Emmy Sue on a trip for Levi and Gunner's motocross bike races. Levi is HOT but Dakota stays away from relationships. So this trip is perfect for the both of them: a hot hook-up with no promise of anything permanent. I loved Dakota's character: she is smart, strong-willed and not afraid to go after what she wants But when the road trip ends, will she be able to walk away from Levi?   Dakota is from an unconventional family and I love how her free spirit shines through in this book. Levi is immediately attracted to her spirit but he is very honest about not wanting anything more than sex while they are on the road. He doesn't "do" relationships either. But is he ever HOT!!   "Sunshine," Levi leans over to me, resting his hand on the inside of my thigh, right below the frayed hem of my shorts, "I promise I want to learn all about your family. They sound cool as fuck--especially the part about the weed farm--but can we get back to where you said motocross is driving fast and doing stupid, crazy-ass stunts while flying through the air? 'Cause if you're gonna be my girl on this trip, we need to give you a crash course tonight in all things motocross, so you can truly appreciate my awesomeness when you see me in action."   These two have some great banter and the action scenes are incredible! Although this is the second book in a series, it can absolutely be read as a standalone. If you love a great new adult romance with plenty of sizzle and smart, witty banter, then you will LOVE FLAME!
281	Khoa	good	3.5 - 4 Stars!!   I really liked FLAME! The storyline and the love scenes and the action scenes are all fantastic!!   Dakota finds herself taking a road trip with friends while she is on a break from school. Dakota goes along with Levi, Gunner and Emmy Sue on a trip for Levi and Gunner's motocross bike races. Levi is HOT but Dakota stays away from relationships. So this trip is perfect for the both of them: a hot hook-up with no promise of anything permanent. I loved Dakota's character: she is smart, strong-willed and not afraid to go after what she wants But when the road trip ends, will she be able to walk away from Levi?   Dakota is from an unconventional family and I love how her free spirit shines through in this book. Levi is immediately attracted to her spirit but he is very honest about not wanting anything more than sex while they are on the road. He doesn't "do" relationships either. But is he ever HOT!!   "Sunshine," Levi leans over to me, resting his hand on the inside of my thigh, right below the frayed hem of my shorts, "I promise I want to learn all about your family. They sound cool as fuck--especially the part about the weed farm--but can we get back to where you said motocross is driving fast and doing stupid, crazy-ass stunts while flying through the air? 'Cause if you're gonna be my girl on this trip, we need to give you a crash course tonight in all things motocross, so you can truly appreciate my awesomeness when you see me in action."   These two have some great banter and the action scenes are incredible! Although this is the second book in a series, it can absolutely be read as a standalone. If you love a great new adult romance with plenty of sizzle and smart, witty banter, then you will LOVE FLAME!
282	Lan	average	Fresh, light, sexy and funny!   I absolutely adore R.S. Grey's books. She has a fresh wit, a wonderful way with banter and can write sexy times as well as the best erotica author. This book is pure fun, a feel-good, sexy read with a HEA and a Cinderella feel to the story. It is a modern tale of a small-town girl trying to make it in the Big Apple, living on a shoestring budget but trying in the best Mary-Tyler-Moore fashion "to make it on her own."   Jo is a scrappy heroine, and thrilled to land her dream job with a famous fashion house in New York City. Of course her boss is Mr. Sexy Julian Lefray, and the sparks fly between these two right from the get-up. I love a good male POV and Ms. Grey writes a great one! Plus, this book has the just right amount of sex, it was a great "palate cleanser" in between the super-steamy and graphic contemporary romance and erotic books I normally read.   This book is great if you are looking for a fun, light, sexy and witty book, with great banter between the hero and heroine and some really funny dialogue. It is a modern tale of love and sex and firendship in the big city and I highly recommend it. You can't go wrong with a book by R.S. Grey!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
282	Khoa	average	Fresh, light, sexy and funny!   I absolutely adore R.S. Grey's books. She has a fresh wit, a wonderful way with banter and can write sexy times as well as the best erotica author. This book is pure fun, a feel-good, sexy read with a HEA and a Cinderella feel to the story. It is a modern tale of a small-town girl trying to make it in the Big Apple, living on a shoestring budget but trying in the best Mary-Tyler-Moore fashion "to make it on her own."   Jo is a scrappy heroine, and thrilled to land her dream job with a famous fashion house in New York City. Of course her boss is Mr. Sexy Julian Lefray, and the sparks fly between these two right from the get-up. I love a good male POV and Ms. Grey writes a great one! Plus, this book has the just right amount of sex, it was a great "palate cleanser" in between the super-steamy and graphic contemporary romance and erotic books I normally read.   This book is great if you are looking for a fun, light, sexy and witty book, with great banter between the hero and heroine and some really funny dialogue. It is a modern tale of love and sex and firendship in the big city and I highly recommend it. You can't go wrong with a book by R.S. Grey!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
283	Lan	average	Cat Porter has written a magical, intense, sexy and incredibly satisfying story. Boner made my heart race and captured my soul!   "You reminded me that there's still magic," he whispered roughly. "That there are things of wonder still left to experience."   I am a HUGE fan of MC Romance books and Cat Porter is at the top of my list of favorite authors in this genre! Lock & Key, the first book in this series, remains one of my all-time favorite books. Random & Rare contented the experience of her absolutely flawless writing and now we have the third book in the series, which is Boner and Jill's story.   Boner is a total bad-ass, who has been attracted to Jill for a long time but won't act on it. He's too old for her; she isn't sure she wants to go back to club life again; etc. etc. Jill had been with Catch, another biker and the father of her child, and it ended badly. But who can resist Boner, the sexy biker with a painful past? And how he got his road name...well, you'll have to read for yourself! It's not what you think. I fell in love with him and hoped that Jill could help him overcome his demons.   "Was I only pieces patched together by a leather vest?"   Even though Boner think Jill is off-limits, he offers her his protection and let's just say things progress from there. At first, their "relationship" is just for show but since this is a romance after all, they both quickly come to realize they have real feelings for each other. And the Victoria's Secret scene? Oh my God!!! My favorite.   I loved reading about Boner's painful past and the action scenes are fantastic. While this doesn't knock out Lock & Key as one of my all-time favorite books, it is a fantastic, sexy, fast-paced and passionate story which I enjoyed immensely. The Epilogue was superb! All in all, Iron & Bone is another must-read book from the incredibly talented Cat Porter.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
283	Khoa	good	Cat Porter has written a magical, intense, sexy and incredibly satisfying story. Boner made my heart race and captured my soul!   "You reminded me that there's still magic," he whispered roughly. "That there are things of wonder still left to experience."   I am a HUGE fan of MC Romance books and Cat Porter is at the top of my list of favorite authors in this genre! Lock & Key, the first book in this series, remains one of my all-time favorite books. Random & Rare contented the experience of her absolutely flawless writing and now we have the third book in the series, which is Boner and Jill's story.   Boner is a total bad-ass, who has been attracted to Jill for a long time but won't act on it. He's too old for her; she isn't sure she wants to go back to club life again; etc. etc. Jill had been with Catch, another biker and the father of her child, and it ended badly. But who can resist Boner, the sexy biker with a painful past? And how he got his road name...well, you'll have to read for yourself! It's not what you think. I fell in love with him and hoped that Jill could help him overcome his demons.   "Was I only pieces patched together by a leather vest?"   Even though Boner think Jill is off-limits, he offers her his protection and let's just say things progress from there. At first, their "relationship" is just for show but since this is a romance after all, they both quickly come to realize they have real feelings for each other. And the Victoria's Secret scene? Oh my God!!! My favorite.   I loved reading about Boner's painful past and the action scenes are fantastic. While this doesn't knock out Lock & Key as one of my all-time favorite books, it is a fantastic, sexy, fast-paced and passionate story which I enjoyed immensely. The Epilogue was superb! All in all, Iron & Bone is another must-read book from the incredibly talented Cat Porter.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
284	Lan	excellent	"Together we flew and together we drifted down to earth, to his bed, his room, this world, this life. Ending still with Coert and me. Yes, it was glorious."   I don't know how she does it but Kristen Ashley has written yet another sparkling gem of a story. Emotional, heart-warming, sexy and heart-breaking, this book has EVERYTHING I love. There's a tough-talking, over-protective Alpha, a sweet and steely but damaged heroine and lots and lots of family goodness. There is nothing like a good, old-fashioned second-chance romance as only KA can do it!!   The 'Magadalene' series is one of my favorites and while this book can be read as a standalone, I HIGHLY recommend reading the other books in the series!! They are GOLDEN. Set in a beautiful Maine town, I thoroughly enjoyed the detailed descriptions of architecture, seasons, local food (of course) and the tight-knit bond of the local townspeople. This book launches right into the reasons why Cady has moved to town: she purchased the crumbling lighthouse because not only does her estranged brother live nearby, but the love of her life, Coert, is the sheriff. She is determined to make amends with both of them. But Coert makes it VERY clear right from the beginning that she is to stay away from him at all costs. What happened between them all those years ago to make him so bitter? And exactly how and why has Cady changed so much from the young rebellious girl she once was?   Cady and Coert's epic love began many years before in Colorado. Cady ran with a wild crowd and her family did not approve of her choices or her lifestyle. But Cady was always self-sufficient and independent and worked long hours at a dead-end job just to make ends meet. She wanted a better life for herself. She doesn't meet Coert under the best of circumstances but their love was real. A terrible turn of events tears them apart and just like that, the only beautiful thing Cady had was gone.   Cady and Coert then spend many years apart. When they meet again in Magdalene, they both have huge misconceptions about each other. But they are both older and wiser and hopefully won't make the same mistakes again. I absolutely LOVED how Kristen Ashley brought these two together again and I was literally sobbing reading much of this book. The story is long, it is weighty and it is hugely satisfying.   "I was in love with Coert Yeager in a way that it just simply would never die."   This glorious story features cameo appearances by characters from the 'Rock Chick' series (yay!) and it is filled with light and love and hope and smoking hot romance. Grab a bottle of wine, settle in and enjoy the ride!! Thanks again to Ms. Ashley for another unforgettable second-chance romance.   "This is life. And in all that's happened in mine, the one thing I've learned is, as ugly as it gets, as bad as you mess up, if you keep going, it'll get good again."   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
284	Khoa	excellent	"Together we flew and together we drifted down to earth, to his bed, his room, this world, this life. Ending still with Coert and me. Yes, it was glorious."   I don't know how she does it but Kristen Ashley has written yet another sparkling gem of a story. Emotional, heart-warming, sexy and heart-breaking, this book has EVERYTHING I love. There's a tough-talking, over-protective Alpha, a sweet and steely but damaged heroine and lots and lots of family goodness. There is nothing like a good, old-fashioned second-chance romance as only KA can do it!!   The 'Magadalene' series is one of my favorites and while this book can be read as a standalone, I HIGHLY recommend reading the other books in the series!! They are GOLDEN. Set in a beautiful Maine town, I thoroughly enjoyed the detailed descriptions of architecture, seasons, local food (of course) and the tight-knit bond of the local townspeople. This book launches right into the reasons why Cady has moved to town: she purchased the crumbling lighthouse because not only does her estranged brother live nearby, but the love of her life, Coert, is the sheriff. She is determined to make amends with both of them. But Coert makes it VERY clear right from the beginning that she is to stay away from him at all costs. What happened between them all those years ago to make him so bitter? And exactly how and why has Cady changed so much from the young rebellious girl she once was?   Cady and Coert's epic love began many years before in Colorado. Cady ran with a wild crowd and her family did not approve of her choices or her lifestyle. But Cady was always self-sufficient and independent and worked long hours at a dead-end job just to make ends meet. She wanted a better life for herself. She doesn't meet Coert under the best of circumstances but their love was real. A terrible turn of events tears them apart and just like that, the only beautiful thing Cady had was gone.   Cady and Coert then spend many years apart. When they meet again in Magdalene, they both have huge misconceptions about each other. But they are both older and wiser and hopefully won't make the same mistakes again. I absolutely LOVED how Kristen Ashley brought these two together again and I was literally sobbing reading much of this book. The story is long, it is weighty and it is hugely satisfying.   "I was in love with Coert Yeager in a way that it just simply would never die."   This glorious story features cameo appearances by characters from the 'Rock Chick' series (yay!) and it is filled with light and love and hope and smoking hot romance. Grab a bottle of wine, settle in and enjoy the ride!! Thanks again to Ms. Ashley for another unforgettable second-chance romance.   "This is life. And in all that's happened in mine, the one thing I've learned is, as ugly as it gets, as bad as you mess up, if you keep going, it'll get good again."   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
285	Lan	average	3.5-4 stars, interesting idea that had some exciting moments but overall I had a few issues that interfered with my enjoyment of the story. I did like the main characters and the New York setting. The writing is very good but I felt the story completely sugar-coated the jail setting; this is a fairy-tale, romanticized view of prison life. I also felt the ending was unrealistic with respect to Carter dealing with a corporate matter (I don't want to give away any spoilers here.) Most readers would not be bothered by that turn of events but I had a tough time with it. I did really appreciate the development of the characters and the overall story idea. I had high hopes for this book and for that reason I will definitely give the author's next books a try.
285	Khoa	average	3.5-4 stars, interesting idea that had some exciting moments but overall I had a few issues that interfered with my enjoyment of the story. I did like the main characters and the New York setting. The writing is very good but I felt the story completely sugar-coated the jail setting; this is a fairy-tale, romanticized view of prison life. I also felt the ending was unrealistic with respect to Carter dealing with a corporate matter (I don't want to give away any spoilers here.) Most readers would not be bothered by that turn of events but I had a tough time with it. I did really appreciate the development of the characters and the overall story idea. I had high hopes for this book and for that reason I will definitely give the author's next books a try.
286	Lan	average	WOW!! Another passionate, loving and emotional book from Mara White!! I had the great pleasure of reading an early copy of Maldeamores and I haven't stopped thinking about it.   Heed the warnings on this one because Maldeamores is unlike amy book I've read. Belen and Luciano are star-crossed lovers, fiercely in love but forced to deny their true feelings for each other. Like Mara's other books, I felt anxious, emotional, distraught and fascinated by these two characters and their tumultuous journey. The writing is stunning, sharp and incredibly erotic and the characters richly detailed. I was drawn into their world and was stunned by the turn of the events. These two are truly "lovesick" and simply cannot live apart from each other.   There are some very graphic and steamy scenes in this book, but they fit in with the story and add fuel to the deep emotional bond Belen and Luciano share. If you like to be challenged and thrilled when you read, then Maldeamores is the book for you. It is not an easy story but I loved the rollercoaster ride of emotions! Mara White is a talent to watch and I hope she will keep on writing these complex, sexy stories.   "When the pen falls into our hands, we can't erase the past.   All we're allowed is the chance to create a new ending."
286	Khoa	average	WOW!! Another passionate, loving and emotional book from Mara White!! I had the great pleasure of reading an early copy of Maldeamores and I haven't stopped thinking about it.   Heed the warnings on this one because Maldeamores is unlike amy book I've read. Belen and Luciano are star-crossed lovers, fiercely in love but forced to deny their true feelings for each other. Like Mara's other books, I felt anxious, emotional, distraught and fascinated by these two characters and their tumultuous journey. The writing is stunning, sharp and incredibly erotic and the characters richly detailed. I was drawn into their world and was stunned by the turn of the events. These two are truly "lovesick" and simply cannot live apart from each other.   There are some very graphic and steamy scenes in this book, but they fit in with the story and add fuel to the deep emotional bond Belen and Luciano share. If you like to be challenged and thrilled when you read, then Maldeamores is the book for you. It is not an easy story but I loved the rollercoaster ride of emotions! Mara White is a talent to watch and I hope she will keep on writing these complex, sexy stories.   "When the pen falls into our hands, we can't erase the past.   All we're allowed is the chance to create a new ending."
287	Lan	poor	3.5 - 4 stars - full review to come.
287	Khoa	poor	3.5 - 4 stars - full review to come.
288	Lan	excellent	3.5 Stars!   Parallel universes? Yes, please! I have always been intrigued with stories about the path not taken. The blurb of MAYBE IN ANOTHER LIFE intrigued me and made me think of one of my favorite movies, Sliding Doors. While this book was not all that I had hoped for, it is nonetheless a well-written, thought-provoking story about the consequences of our actions, fate and destiny.   Taylor Jenkins Reid brings a unique and fresh voice to the idea that our soul mates are out there, and that our choices lead us to our own realities. Both parallel stories in this book were engaging, REAL, and very original. The characters are all very relatable and some of their stories more poignant than others.   "I know there may be universes out there where I made different choices and they led me somewhere else, led me to someone else. And my heart breaks for every single version of me that didn't end up with you."   Our heroine Hannah takes two widely divergent paths, as does her best friend Gabby. I did feel an overriding sense of sadness while reading this book, which, happily, was replaced by joy by the end. MAYBE IN ANOTHER LIFE is a very thoughtful and interesting book, which will make you think about your choices in life, and whether fate ever really plays a part in our lives. Is everything all mapped out, occurring anyway no matter what our choices might be? There's lots to chew on here and I will say that I was totally surprised by the ending of this book.   I would have like a little more detail about some of the more meaningful events in this book. However, much of this story seems aimed at twenty-somethings who will very much enjoy Hannah's journey. I did feel that some important details were missing, but overall, both the writing and the story were very intriguing and fresh.   I read this in one sitting and I will definitely grab the author's other books now. Love, loss, family, friendship, loyalty -- they are all covered here and I think this is the perfect summertime read.
288	Khoa	excellent	3.5 Stars!   Parallel universes? Yes, please! I have always been intrigued with stories about the path not taken. The blurb of MAYBE IN ANOTHER LIFE intrigued me and made me think of one of my favorite movies, Sliding Doors. While this book was not all that I had hoped for, it is nonetheless a well-written, thought-provoking story about the consequences of our actions, fate and destiny.   Taylor Jenkins Reid brings a unique and fresh voice to the idea that our soul mates are out there, and that our choices lead us to our own realities. Both parallel stories in this book were engaging, REAL, and very original. The characters are all very relatable and some of their stories more poignant than others.   "I know there may be universes out there where I made different choices and they led me somewhere else, led me to someone else. And my heart breaks for every single version of me that didn't end up with you."   Our heroine Hannah takes two widely divergent paths, as does her best friend Gabby. I did feel an overriding sense of sadness while reading this book, which, happily, was replaced by joy by the end. MAYBE IN ANOTHER LIFE is a very thoughtful and interesting book, which will make you think about your choices in life, and whether fate ever really plays a part in our lives. Is everything all mapped out, occurring anyway no matter what our choices might be? There's lots to chew on here and I will say that I was totally surprised by the ending of this book.   I would have like a little more detail about some of the more meaningful events in this book. However, much of this story seems aimed at twenty-somethings who will very much enjoy Hannah's journey. I did feel that some important details were missing, but overall, both the writing and the story were very intriguing and fresh.   I read this in one sitting and I will definitely grab the author's other books now. Love, loss, family, friendship, loyalty -- they are all covered here and I think this is the perfect summertime read.
289	Lan	good	5 Sexy and Edgy Stars!!   "Even the best of us isn't purely good. And even the worst of us isn't purely evil."   This book is pure PERFECTION. My thought when finishing was, "Now what do I read?!" This is one of my top favorite series EVER. I am truly obsessed with this author and this story. Jonah and Vivienne are incredibly written characters, filled with depth and raw emotion. This is a very adult story, dealing with very adult subjects. With that said, these book are among the most highly erotic stories I have ever read.   This series is not for everyone, but if you like sexy, edgy, mature stories, then definitely give these books a try. Lilah Pace's writing captivated me and drew me into Jonah and Vivienne's story like very few authors can do. While the subject may seem very taboo, I found these books to be as much an exploration of women's sexuality as they are "forbidden" erotic romance. These stories take you on an emotional journey that is sensual, enthralling and addictive, to say the least.   BEGGING FOR IT is the conclusion to the series and picks up right where the first book ended. They must be read in order. These two characters are absolutely unforgettable, and I could not really fathom how they were going to make their very unorthodox relationship work. Jonah struggles with his own seemingly-insurmountable dark fantasies, while Vivienne also struggles to come to terms with her own deep-seated fears, as well as her very dysfunctional family. I literally raced through this book, fearful that the author was not going to give these two perfectly damaged souls the conclusion they were worthy of. I felt tremendous empathy for both of these characters and was deeply satisfied with the fantastic conclusion to their stories. I can't say enough about these books. They are thought-provoking, emotional and incredibly readable.   "We don't get better; we don't fix everything that's broken. We just learn how to work around the broken bits. How to do the best we can with what we have, and who we are."   I am completely OBSESSED with this author and cannot wait for whatever books she might have planned for the future. I hope there are more books under the name Lilah Pace - I will read anything she writes!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
289	Khoa	good	5 Sexy and Edgy Stars!!   "Even the best of us isn't purely good. And even the worst of us isn't purely evil."   This book is pure PERFECTION. My thought when finishing was, "Now what do I read?!" This is one of my top favorite series EVER. I am truly obsessed with this author and this story. Jonah and Vivienne are incredibly written characters, filled with depth and raw emotion. This is a very adult story, dealing with very adult subjects. With that said, these book are among the most highly erotic stories I have ever read.   This series is not for everyone, but if you like sexy, edgy, mature stories, then definitely give these books a try. Lilah Pace's writing captivated me and drew me into Jonah and Vivienne's story like very few authors can do. While the subject may seem very taboo, I found these books to be as much an exploration of women's sexuality as they are "forbidden" erotic romance. These stories take you on an emotional journey that is sensual, enthralling and addictive, to say the least.   BEGGING FOR IT is the conclusion to the series and picks up right where the first book ended. They must be read in order. These two characters are absolutely unforgettable, and I could not really fathom how they were going to make their very unorthodox relationship work. Jonah struggles with his own seemingly-insurmountable dark fantasies, while Vivienne also struggles to come to terms with her own deep-seated fears, as well as her very dysfunctional family. I literally raced through this book, fearful that the author was not going to give these two perfectly damaged souls the conclusion they were worthy of. I felt tremendous empathy for both of these characters and was deeply satisfied with the fantastic conclusion to their stories. I can't say enough about these books. They are thought-provoking, emotional and incredibly readable.   "We don't get better; we don't fix everything that's broken. We just learn how to work around the broken bits. How to do the best we can with what we have, and who we are."   I am completely OBSESSED with this author and cannot wait for whatever books she might have planned for the future. I hope there are more books under the name Lilah Pace - I will read anything she writes!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
290	Lan	average	WOW!! I don't even know where to begin with this book. Lilah Pace has written an absolutely perfect story, filled with erotic moments, thrills, emotion and a gripping plot. Each and every character is perfectly drawn, richly detailed and essential to the story. I can't say enough about this book and the author stalking has already begun. Who is this Lilah Pace and why has she enthralled me so?   Vivienne is an art student at the University of Texas - Austin who has rape fantasies but they are rooted in a traumatic past event, and the many sessions with her therapist bring the story to light and perfectly frame the rest of the book. While some readers might be turned off by this story, I found it to be sexy, dramatic and addictive. She meets Dr. Jonah Marks, a gorgeous, brilliant and enigmatic professor in another department at UT, and through a series of very thrilling events, they begin a series of encounters. Certainly "relationship" might be too strong a word for what they do. But I can guarantee that you have never read scenes as hot as the scenes between Jonah and Vivi.   "How did this man with the power to terrify me also become the one person who truly makes me feel safe?"   They do reach a certain level of intimacy which is very beautiful and poignant all at once. Both Jonah and Vivi are richly written characters, very damaged for sure. There is nothing superficial about anything in this book and I was also absolutely entranced by the detail with which the author described the various settings in the book. From Austin to New Orleans, there is a level and richness of detail here that is greatly appreciated by this reader.   "Jonah doesn't know me well enough to know that I'm always ready to protect myself. My guard is always up. Still, I like that he always considers my safety even in the maddened heat of our mutual fever."   I highlighted a zillion passages in this book and I can't possibly include them all here. Asking for It blew me away and is without a doubt one of my top reads of the year. Run, don't walk, to read this book. Don't let the blurb scare you away, there is so much more to this book and I need the next book NOW!!! Congratulations, Lilah Pace, on a magnificent story.
290	Khoa	good	WOW!! I don't even know where to begin with this book. Lilah Pace has written an absolutely perfect story, filled with erotic moments, thrills, emotion and a gripping plot. Each and every character is perfectly drawn, richly detailed and essential to the story. I can't say enough about this book and the author stalking has already begun. Who is this Lilah Pace and why has she enthralled me so?   Vivienne is an art student at the University of Texas - Austin who has rape fantasies but they are rooted in a traumatic past event, and the many sessions with her therapist bring the story to light and perfectly frame the rest of the book. While some readers might be turned off by this story, I found it to be sexy, dramatic and addictive. She meets Dr. Jonah Marks, a gorgeous, brilliant and enigmatic professor in another department at UT, and through a series of very thrilling events, they begin a series of encounters. Certainly "relationship" might be too strong a word for what they do. But I can guarantee that you have never read scenes as hot as the scenes between Jonah and Vivi.   "How did this man with the power to terrify me also become the one person who truly makes me feel safe?"   They do reach a certain level of intimacy which is very beautiful and poignant all at once. Both Jonah and Vivi are richly written characters, very damaged for sure. There is nothing superficial about anything in this book and I was also absolutely entranced by the detail with which the author described the various settings in the book. From Austin to New Orleans, there is a level and richness of detail here that is greatly appreciated by this reader.   "Jonah doesn't know me well enough to know that I'm always ready to protect myself. My guard is always up. Still, I like that he always considers my safety even in the maddened heat of our mutual fever."   I highlighted a zillion passages in this book and I can't possibly include them all here. Asking for It blew me away and is without a doubt one of my top reads of the year. Run, don't walk, to read this book. Don't let the blurb scare you away, there is so much more to this book and I need the next book NOW!!! Congratulations, Lilah Pace, on a magnificent story.
291	Lan	average	loved this book! Sarina Bowen is a new author to me and this is the first book I have read in the Ivy Years Series. It is a standalone but now I am a huge fan so I plan to read the other books in this series.   Bella is a strong heroine and Rafe is totally swoon worthy. In this story, he is the virginal one and Bella is the one who enjoys sex and is not afraid to be the bold one. Hpw refreshing! The Shameless Hour is funny, sexy and heartbreaking all at once. Sarina takes some serious themes and incorporates them seamlessly into her story but gives her characters a fantastic HEA.   Rafe is a hot soccer player who catches Bella's eye but who is inexperienced with women. He is a hard-working student from a close-knit family, quite the opposite of Bella. He is a wonderful character who is honest, trustworthy and gorgeous. But he doesn't just want a one-night stand with Bella.   "Bella's enthusiasm had obliterated all of my caution. She wanted me. And I could no longer think of any reason why I couldn't have this."   Bella is a surprisingly strong and funny heroine who is not afraid to be herself and is unapologetic about her sexuality. She is funny and sexy and I absolutely loved her! Sarina Bowen writes a memorable female character who has grit, backbone and smarts. She is wildly attracted to Rafe but refuses to have a relationship with him because, well, she just doesn't do relationships. But Rafe is persistent and these two build a solid friendship along with their very explosive chemistry. Will Rafe convince Bella that he is worth the risk? Will Bella be able to overcome the reputation that seems to follow her around school? Read The Shameless Hour, you will love the funny dialogue, great story and strong characters that Sarina Bowen has created.   "All good things are risky"...   I already miss Rafe and Bella! And now I must read the other books in The Ivy Years because I need more of these stories!   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
291	Khoa	good	loved this book! Sarina Bowen is a new author to me and this is the first book I have read in the Ivy Years Series. It is a standalone but now I am a huge fan so I plan to read the other books in this series.   Bella is a strong heroine and Rafe is totally swoon worthy. In this story, he is the virginal one and Bella is the one who enjoys sex and is not afraid to be the bold one. Hpw refreshing! The Shameless Hour is funny, sexy and heartbreaking all at once. Sarina takes some serious themes and incorporates them seamlessly into her story but gives her characters a fantastic HEA.   Rafe is a hot soccer player who catches Bella's eye but who is inexperienced with women. He is a hard-working student from a close-knit family, quite the opposite of Bella. He is a wonderful character who is honest, trustworthy and gorgeous. But he doesn't just want a one-night stand with Bella.   "Bella's enthusiasm had obliterated all of my caution. She wanted me. And I could no longer think of any reason why I couldn't have this."   Bella is a surprisingly strong and funny heroine who is not afraid to be herself and is unapologetic about her sexuality. She is funny and sexy and I absolutely loved her! Sarina Bowen writes a memorable female character who has grit, backbone and smarts. She is wildly attracted to Rafe but refuses to have a relationship with him because, well, she just doesn't do relationships. But Rafe is persistent and these two build a solid friendship along with their very explosive chemistry. Will Rafe convince Bella that he is worth the risk? Will Bella be able to overcome the reputation that seems to follow her around school? Read The Shameless Hour, you will love the funny dialogue, great story and strong characters that Sarina Bowen has created.   "All good things are risky"...   I already miss Rafe and Bella! And now I must read the other books in The Ivy Years because I need more of these stories!   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
292	Lan	good	4.5 Stars!! John Logan. *sigh* Absolutely adored this book!!   The Deal was a total surprise for me and was one of my favorite books of 2015 so far. It was fresh, sexy, smart and funny and I was soooo excited when I heard Elle Kennedy was writing a story about John Logan! I have been immersed in college romances lately, and The Mistake is now another one of my favorites in this genre.   Sure, not every college or college experience is like the setting of this story, but I adored the characters and their friends (well, excerpt for one) and their struggles to find themselves in what to me is also a great coming of age story.   John Logan is absolutely Book Boyfriend material! Swoon!! I fell in love with him as he tried to win Grace over. Ms. Kennedy's writing style is sexy, fast-paced, heartwarming and very funny, and this book was like unwrapping a delicious treat. I loved reading about the characters' backstories and loved the fabulous ending to this book.   The Mistake was a flirty, steamy and fast read and I am now an even bigger fan of Elle Kennedy's writing. I loved this book and I think everyone at some point in their life has experienced some if not all of the emotions that these characters experienced. The Mistake is another winner from Elle Kennedy!   Favorite quote (and I had many!!):   "We're the Lorris crime syndicate."   I'm dumbfounded.   Oh my God.   Lorris? As in Logan and Morris? They fucking Brangelina'd themselves?   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
292	Khoa	good	4.5 Stars!! John Logan. *sigh* Absolutely adored this book!!   The Deal was a total surprise for me and was one of my favorite books of 2015 so far. It was fresh, sexy, smart and funny and I was soooo excited when I heard Elle Kennedy was writing a story about John Logan! I have been immersed in college romances lately, and The Mistake is now another one of my favorites in this genre.   Sure, not every college or college experience is like the setting of this story, but I adored the characters and their friends (well, excerpt for one) and their struggles to find themselves in what to me is also a great coming of age story.   John Logan is absolutely Book Boyfriend material! Swoon!! I fell in love with him as he tried to win Grace over. Ms. Kennedy's writing style is sexy, fast-paced, heartwarming and very funny, and this book was like unwrapping a delicious treat. I loved reading about the characters' backstories and loved the fabulous ending to this book.   The Mistake was a flirty, steamy and fast read and I am now an even bigger fan of Elle Kennedy's writing. I loved this book and I think everyone at some point in their life has experienced some if not all of the emotions that these characters experienced. The Mistake is another winner from Elle Kennedy!   Favorite quote (and I had many!!):   "We're the Lorris crime syndicate."   I'm dumbfounded.   Oh my God.   Lorris? As in Logan and Morris? They fucking Brangelina'd themselves?   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
293	Lan	average	Well this is a book that has some controversy surrounding it, of which I was blissfully unaware until I read a warning that came with this ARC. There are lots of reviewers who refuse to read this book, and that's fine. But based on its merits, I enjoyed this MM romance that comes with a healthy dose of sarcasm.   Black Balled is a fairly quick read and is a parody of the indie book world, pairing a snarky book reviewer with tons of anxieties with an author who has tons of anger issues. The authors did a great job at the dual POV and really, when you peel away the layers of sarcasm and humor, the story is about finding yourself.   "Larson knows who he is and he makes no excuses or apologies for it. He wears his flaws just as proudly as he does his attributes, for all to see, and for everyone to accept or reject-as the case may be because it makes no difference to him. He is comfortable in his own skin. That is probably because Larson is genuine. He doesn't wear layers of facades that need to be ripped away in order to find his inner soul; or his truth. He just puts it all out there without reservation.   Not like me."   There is lots and lots of white-hot sex in this book and tons of great banter. If you go into Black Balled knowing it has a very different storyline, and that both characters have a wicked sense of humor, then you'll love this book!
293	Khoa	average	Well this is a book that has some controversy surrounding it, of which I was blissfully unaware until I read a warning that came with this ARC. There are lots of reviewers who refuse to read this book, and that's fine. But based on its merits, I enjoyed this MM romance that comes with a healthy dose of sarcasm.   Black Balled is a fairly quick read and is a parody of the indie book world, pairing a snarky book reviewer with tons of anxieties with an author who has tons of anger issues. The authors did a great job at the dual POV and really, when you peel away the layers of sarcasm and humor, the story is about finding yourself.   "Larson knows who he is and he makes no excuses or apologies for it. He wears his flaws just as proudly as he does his attributes, for all to see, and for everyone to accept or reject-as the case may be because it makes no difference to him. He is comfortable in his own skin. That is probably because Larson is genuine. He doesn't wear layers of facades that need to be ripped away in order to find his inner soul; or his truth. He just puts it all out there without reservation.   Not like me."   There is lots and lots of white-hot sex in this book and tons of great banter. If you go into Black Balled knowing it has a very different storyline, and that both characters have a wicked sense of humor, then you'll love this book!
294	Lan	good	I love Chelle Bliss and was so excited to read her newest series! If you've read Men of Inked, then you will fall head over heels in love with Morgan (NICE NAME!!) DeLuca, a Gallo cousin and Alpha male extraordinaire. He is just out of the Army and looking for direction in life when he gets an offer from his Florida cousins to join the ALFA PI agency. He picks up and leaves Chicago and his meddling mother to start over again with a new job.   I loved how the Gallo family is woven into this story. If you haven't read Chelle's Men of Ink series, you are missing out! They are filled with love, big families, snappy banter and lots and lots of mind-blowing sexy times. Get right on that!   Sinful Intent is a fast-paced, steamy story involving Morgan's first job, investigating and protecting his first client, Race True, from harassing and threatening emails that have escalated. She is being blackmailed and he must find her tormenter. She is a buttoned-up, straight-laced corporate type, sexy but basically married to her job and she needs someone like Morgan in her life to add the spontaneity she has been sorely missing out on.   Chelle's books are steamy, entertaining and have some of the most creative sex scenes I have ever read. Morgan is just, WOW. Race and Morgan together are just explosive. I liked the suspense and mystery along with the funny moments sprinkled throughout the book. I really enjoyed this book. It is overall a very enjoyable, sexy story and a great start to a new series by one of my favorite authors.   Favorite Quotes:   "We all have scars. Some we can see and others we can't. Wear those with pride."   "In all honesty, I hadn't saved Race True. She'd saved me. Giving me a life full of love and everything I'd always needed but never knew I'd wanted."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
294	Khoa	good	I love Chelle Bliss and was so excited to read her newest series! If you've read Men of Inked, then you will fall head over heels in love with Morgan (NICE NAME!!) DeLuca, a Gallo cousin and Alpha male extraordinaire. He is just out of the Army and looking for direction in life when he gets an offer from his Florida cousins to join the ALFA PI agency. He picks up and leaves Chicago and his meddling mother to start over again with a new job.   I loved how the Gallo family is woven into this story. If you haven't read Chelle's Men of Ink series, you are missing out! They are filled with love, big families, snappy banter and lots and lots of mind-blowing sexy times. Get right on that!   Sinful Intent is a fast-paced, steamy story involving Morgan's first job, investigating and protecting his first client, Race True, from harassing and threatening emails that have escalated. She is being blackmailed and he must find her tormenter. She is a buttoned-up, straight-laced corporate type, sexy but basically married to her job and she needs someone like Morgan in her life to add the spontaneity she has been sorely missing out on.   Chelle's books are steamy, entertaining and have some of the most creative sex scenes I have ever read. Morgan is just, WOW. Race and Morgan together are just explosive. I liked the suspense and mystery along with the funny moments sprinkled throughout the book. I really enjoyed this book. It is overall a very enjoyable, sexy story and a great start to a new series by one of my favorite authors.   Favorite Quotes:   "We all have scars. Some we can see and others we can't. Wear those with pride."   "In all honesty, I hadn't saved Race True. She'd saved me. Giving me a life full of love and everything I'd always needed but never knew I'd wanted."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
295	Lan	excellent	4.5 Stars!!   Ella Frank has written another sexy, gripping and character-driven book with TRUST! Are you new to the M/M genre? Then I highly recommend this series because the story is really about two people loving each other and fighting the same battles with family, work and external forces as everyone else. Oh, and there's some super-steamy sexy times to thrill you as well!!   Logan and Tate have both changed and grown in this fantastic series.   "His motto of "try, take, and top" had changed. Oh, he'd tried Tate all right, and they'd both done a helluva lot of taking, but for once in his life, Logan didn't feel the desire to win. He didn't need to come out on top. What he wanted was Tate's trust--his absolute trust."   Logan and Tate have made great strides in their relationship but Tate is still holding back. He and Logan are in love, yes, but is that always enough to sustain a long, happy and healthy relationship? Ella Tate's wonderful writing style kept the story flowing until the end, and there are some dramatic surprises in store for our gorgeous heroes which kept my heart racing until the very end!   Once the calm after the storm had settled, Logan moved up his body, and Tate wrapped his arms around him. As they both lay there, in the silence of the room, neither one of them said a word-- because, really, there was nothing to add to such perfection.   I highly recommend this series to all fans of contemporary romance. The story is enthralling and the characters memorable. And I absolutely adored the wonderful and satisfying ending for the sexy Logan and Tate.   "No," Logan finally said, and Tate felt his heart sink. "I'll never see you that way again. Because before this, I didn't know you were essential for me to feel alive."
295	Khoa	good	4.5 Stars!!   Ella Frank has written another sexy, gripping and character-driven book with TRUST! Are you new to the M/M genre? Then I highly recommend this series because the story is really about two people loving each other and fighting the same battles with family, work and external forces as everyone else. Oh, and there's some super-steamy sexy times to thrill you as well!!   Logan and Tate have both changed and grown in this fantastic series.   "His motto of "try, take, and top" had changed. Oh, he'd tried Tate all right, and they'd both done a helluva lot of taking, but for once in his life, Logan didn't feel the desire to win. He didn't need to come out on top. What he wanted was Tate's trust--his absolute trust."   Logan and Tate have made great strides in their relationship but Tate is still holding back. He and Logan are in love, yes, but is that always enough to sustain a long, happy and healthy relationship? Ella Tate's wonderful writing style kept the story flowing until the end, and there are some dramatic surprises in store for our gorgeous heroes which kept my heart racing until the very end!   Once the calm after the storm had settled, Logan moved up his body, and Tate wrapped his arms around him. As they both lay there, in the silence of the room, neither one of them said a word-- because, really, there was nothing to add to such perfection.   I highly recommend this series to all fans of contemporary romance. The story is enthralling and the characters memorable. And I absolutely adored the wonderful and satisfying ending for the sexy Logan and Tate.   "No," Logan finally said, and Tate felt his heart sink. "I'll never see you that way again. Because before this, I didn't know you were essential for me to feel alive."
296	Lan	good	"I kept my eyes closed. I couldn't bear for him to see what mine must look like. Desperate. Yearning. Drowning in agony."   Yearning and desperation. Two feelings perfectly conveyed by the author in Deep Blue Eternity. I can't stop thinking about this book! A beautifully written, haunting story of two very lost souls, Natasha Boyd also injects some much-needed humor and a whole lot of sexy into this magnificent book.   Livvy has run away to her grandmother's old island cottage and is quite shocked to find a caretaker named Tom living there. They begin a tentative and uneasy living situation but of course there is much more than meets the eye here. They are both frightened in their own way, both trying to escape brutal and heartbreaking pasts off the coast of South Carolina. Both are harbouring some very, very sad secrets and both are seeking healing, maybe in each others' arms. But Tom pushes Livvy away, she is very young and he cannot tell her why he is keeping her at a distance.   "I mean, I thought we had a... a friendship or something, and I don't understand what I've done wrong." Addressing it made a weird emotional bubble grow in my chest, and my eyes started to sting.   Livvy tries to begin a new life by finding a job at a local cafe and befriending the residents. But Tom battles his true feelings for her and settles on a friendship, as well as protecting her from the local bad boys.   "Lifting my arms tentatively, I slid them around his waist. I thought I felt him shudder. His muscles were bunched tight, or he was tense. I didn't know. He was hugging me. I could hug him back, right?"   This book tackles some highly sensitive subjects which are handled with great care and sensitivity by Ms. Boyd. This is a moody, sexy, very emotional story that is perfectly written and entrancing. Do not miss Deep Blue Eternity! It is one of my favorite reads so far this year.
296	Khoa	good	"I kept my eyes closed. I couldn't bear for him to see what mine must look like. Desperate. Yearning. Drowning in agony."   Yearning and desperation. Two feelings perfectly conveyed by the author in Deep Blue Eternity. I can't stop thinking about this book! A beautifully written, haunting story of two very lost souls, Natasha Boyd also injects some much-needed humor and a whole lot of sexy into this magnificent book.   Livvy has run away to her grandmother's old island cottage and is quite shocked to find a caretaker named Tom living there. They begin a tentative and uneasy living situation but of course there is much more than meets the eye here. They are both frightened in their own way, both trying to escape brutal and heartbreaking pasts off the coast of South Carolina. Both are harbouring some very, very sad secrets and both are seeking healing, maybe in each others' arms. But Tom pushes Livvy away, she is very young and he cannot tell her why he is keeping her at a distance.   "I mean, I thought we had a... a friendship or something, and I don't understand what I've done wrong." Addressing it made a weird emotional bubble grow in my chest, and my eyes started to sting.   Livvy tries to begin a new life by finding a job at a local cafe and befriending the residents. But Tom battles his true feelings for her and settles on a friendship, as well as protecting her from the local bad boys.   "Lifting my arms tentatively, I slid them around his waist. I thought I felt him shudder. His muscles were bunched tight, or he was tense. I didn't know. He was hugging me. I could hug him back, right?"   This book tackles some highly sensitive subjects which are handled with great care and sensitivity by Ms. Boyd. This is a moody, sexy, very emotional story that is perfectly written and entrancing. Do not miss Deep Blue Eternity! It is one of my favorite reads so far this year.
297	Lan	excellent	4.5 Emotionally Stunning Stars!!   "He was my truth. Even if that made me a sinner."   I expect nothing less than total perfection from Penelope Ward and she delivers another very sexy, very emotionally satisfying story with Sins of Sevin. This book is the perfect cure for any kind of book slump you might be in. The characters are all richly written, the story is very different and creative, and the emotions this book inspires will have you wishing you there was more to this story. I did not want it to end!   Sins of Sevin, told in alternating POV's, is about a fundamentally Christian household where the daughters must be courted before marriage by a man who has been chosen by the family. No kissing, no touching no NOTHING before marriage. The problem is, that Sevin is promised to a girl he does not love. His heart belongs to another. There are many factors at play here as to why he cannot be with the one he loves, his true soul mate, and these obstacles only make Sevin to be an even stronger, heartbreaking hero than is already is.   "You can't choose love. It chooses you, and once that happens, it doesn't let you go. You can pretend it's not there but when you try, it only fights harder...louder...until you finally get the message and give in."   I do not read many other "taboo" romance books other than Penelope Ward. She is the Queen, bar none, of the forbidden romance genre. Sins of Sevin is another fantastic forbidden romance with a hero that I fell in love with from the first page. This book is filled with lots of anguish, emotion and plenty of guilt on the part of both main characters but the writing in this book flows so beautifully that even the most cynical reader with fall in love with Sevin (and MAYBE Evangeline!).   Ms. Ward's story spans several years in time, which adds to the richness of the story. I honestly could not tell where this story was going end up, and the ending truly did surprise me. And please, have plenty of tissues handy for the Epilogue to this beautifully sexy and very loving book.   "I have so much love inside of me that's all yours, and it's been trapped inside. I need to give it to you, because holding it in is killing me. I know your heart belongs to me. But I'm selfish. I want all of you. I want you."   Sevin and Evangeline are far from perfect. Both make choices that I did not agree with. But I absolutely fell in love with Sevin and with this story. Do not miss it. Sins of Sevin is a must-read!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
297	Khoa	excellent	4.5 Emotionally Stunning Stars!!   "He was my truth. Even if that made me a sinner."   I expect nothing less than total perfection from Penelope Ward and she delivers another very sexy, very emotionally satisfying story with Sins of Sevin. This book is the perfect cure for any kind of book slump you might be in. The characters are all richly written, the story is very different and creative, and the emotions this book inspires will have you wishing you there was more to this story. I did not want it to end!   Sins of Sevin, told in alternating POV's, is about a fundamentally Christian household where the daughters must be courted before marriage by a man who has been chosen by the family. No kissing, no touching no NOTHING before marriage. The problem is, that Sevin is promised to a girl he does not love. His heart belongs to another. There are many factors at play here as to why he cannot be with the one he loves, his true soul mate, and these obstacles only make Sevin to be an even stronger, heartbreaking hero than is already is.   "You can't choose love. It chooses you, and once that happens, it doesn't let you go. You can pretend it's not there but when you try, it only fights harder...louder...until you finally get the message and give in."   I do not read many other "taboo" romance books other than Penelope Ward. She is the Queen, bar none, of the forbidden romance genre. Sins of Sevin is another fantastic forbidden romance with a hero that I fell in love with from the first page. This book is filled with lots of anguish, emotion and plenty of guilt on the part of both main characters but the writing in this book flows so beautifully that even the most cynical reader with fall in love with Sevin (and MAYBE Evangeline!).   Ms. Ward's story spans several years in time, which adds to the richness of the story. I honestly could not tell where this story was going end up, and the ending truly did surprise me. And please, have plenty of tissues handy for the Epilogue to this beautifully sexy and very loving book.   "I have so much love inside of me that's all yours, and it's been trapped inside. I need to give it to you, because holding it in is killing me. I know your heart belongs to me. But I'm selfish. I want all of you. I want you."   Sevin and Evangeline are far from perfect. Both make choices that I did not agree with. But I absolutely fell in love with Sevin and with this story. Do not miss it. Sins of Sevin is a must-read!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
298	Lan	good	We loved Mickey and Amelia's story! Soaring is classic Kristen Ashley, filled with love, family, a helluva sexy Alpha hero and lots more love. What is different about Soaring is that Amelia is far from perfect. She is a seriously flawed heroine who has made some very bad choices in her life. Those actions have had serious consequences including the loss of the custody of her children. But she is bound and determined to change her life, get her kids back and maybe, just maybe, fall in love again.   Ms. Ashley fills Amelia's house with good friends and lots of family. Fences are mended and hearts are repaired along the way. But it is not an easy path, as Amelia has alienated most of her family and must hide her shattered heart in order to put things right again. We absolutely loved how the author really nailed what it's like to live with teenagers, and loved the scenes with Amelia's kids and Mickey's kids as well.   Mickey has also had a rough past and resists falling for his gorgeous neighbor. He is a good man and might be one of our favorite KA heroes ever. Strong, sexy, low-key....yes, please!! And he accepts Amelia for who she is and doesn't judge her based on her past behavior.   "The mistakes we make in life don't define us, Amy. The way we handle 'em after makin' 'em do."   This is an EPIC love story. We "soared" right along with Amelia and Mickey. We also loved how Amelia finally, for the first time in her life, stands on her own two feet and stands up to her awful, low-life ex-husband Conrad. And she does so without harming her children along the way.   We love a strong heroine and Amelia turns out to be just that. Smart, beautiful and loving, it was a pleasure reading about a heroine who was over 40 and had LIVED a life. Soaring is a gritty, sexy, beautiful story. Don't miss this one!!   "Life isn't always beauty," he returned. "Most of the time it's shit. But you keep fightin' to turn it around, that says it all about you. And you're fightin'. As a fighter too, I fuckin' love that in you."
298	Khoa	good	We loved Mickey and Amelia's story! Soaring is classic Kristen Ashley, filled with love, family, a helluva sexy Alpha hero and lots more love. What is different about Soaring is that Amelia is far from perfect. She is a seriously flawed heroine who has made some very bad choices in her life. Those actions have had serious consequences including the loss of the custody of her children. But she is bound and determined to change her life, get her kids back and maybe, just maybe, fall in love again.   Ms. Ashley fills Amelia's house with good friends and lots of family. Fences are mended and hearts are repaired along the way. But it is not an easy path, as Amelia has alienated most of her family and must hide her shattered heart in order to put things right again. We absolutely loved how the author really nailed what it's like to live with teenagers, and loved the scenes with Amelia's kids and Mickey's kids as well.   Mickey has also had a rough past and resists falling for his gorgeous neighbor. He is a good man and might be one of our favorite KA heroes ever. Strong, sexy, low-key....yes, please!! And he accepts Amelia for who she is and doesn't judge her based on her past behavior.   "The mistakes we make in life don't define us, Amy. The way we handle 'em after makin' 'em do."   This is an EPIC love story. We "soared" right along with Amelia and Mickey. We also loved how Amelia finally, for the first time in her life, stands on her own two feet and stands up to her awful, low-life ex-husband Conrad. And she does so without harming her children along the way.   We love a strong heroine and Amelia turns out to be just that. Smart, beautiful and loving, it was a pleasure reading about a heroine who was over 40 and had LIVED a life. Soaring is a gritty, sexy, beautiful story. Don't miss this one!!   "Life isn't always beauty," he returned. "Most of the time it's shit. But you keep fightin' to turn it around, that says it all about you. And you're fightin'. As a fighter too, I fuckin' love that in you."
299	Lan	good	Misconduct is one of my favorite books of the year!! Sexy, engaging, intelligent and inventive, Misconduct is why I read contemporary romance. There are very few books I would read twice and Misconduct is one of them.   I want to thank Ms. Douglas for writing an exciting, very adult contemporary romance that hits all the high notes. Misconduct was a pure pleasure to read, from the well-drawn characters, to the New Orleans setting, to the damaged family relationships that were the center of this book. This book is one of my top favorites of the year, and I cannot recommend it highly enough.   If you like to get lost in a book, then Misconduct is for you. The sexy, sultry New Orleans setting; the smart, successful, handsome, yet damaged hero; the beautiful but skittish heroine, all of these add up to an unputdownable story. This book is very different from the Fall Away series except for the unparalleled writing. This story is for adults, it is erotic, sexy, poignant, exciting and thrilling. What more could you ask for in a book?   Tyler and Easton are two of the standout main characters that I have read this year. And I have read a LOT. I read an early paperback copy so I dog-eared almost every single page of my copy!! Here's a peek:   "I should go home.   But he kept wanting me.   He kept tapping at my shell like I was an egg he needed to crack. And while I constantly felt like goo that would spill everywhere if not protected by my hard outer armor, he made me feel like I didn't need it."   Exceptional writing; an exciting, fast-paced story; all the right emotions ... this book has it all. And THE most important factor for me when reading is a connection to the main characters. I felt a deep connection not only with Tyler and Easton, but felt THEIR connection and their love.   Put Misconduct on your must-read list. It is an outstanding story!   (With many thanks to the publisher for an ARC of Misconduct in return for an honest review.)
299	Khoa	good	Misconduct is one of my favorite books of the year!! Sexy, engaging, intelligent and inventive, Misconduct is why I read contemporary romance. There are very few books I would read twice and Misconduct is one of them.   I want to thank Ms. Douglas for writing an exciting, very adult contemporary romance that hits all the high notes. Misconduct was a pure pleasure to read, from the well-drawn characters, to the New Orleans setting, to the damaged family relationships that were the center of this book. This book is one of my top favorites of the year, and I cannot recommend it highly enough.   If you like to get lost in a book, then Misconduct is for you. The sexy, sultry New Orleans setting; the smart, successful, handsome, yet damaged hero; the beautiful but skittish heroine, all of these add up to an unputdownable story. This book is very different from the Fall Away series except for the unparalleled writing. This story is for adults, it is erotic, sexy, poignant, exciting and thrilling. What more could you ask for in a book?   Tyler and Easton are two of the standout main characters that I have read this year. And I have read a LOT. I read an early paperback copy so I dog-eared almost every single page of my copy!! Here's a peek:   "I should go home.   But he kept wanting me.   He kept tapping at my shell like I was an egg he needed to crack. And while I constantly felt like goo that would spill everywhere if not protected by my hard outer armor, he made me feel like I didn't need it."   Exceptional writing; an exciting, fast-paced story; all the right emotions ... this book has it all. And THE most important factor for me when reading is a connection to the main characters. I felt a deep connection not only with Tyler and Easton, but felt THEIR connection and their love.   Put Misconduct on your must-read list. It is an outstanding story!   (With many thanks to the publisher for an ARC of Misconduct in return for an honest review.)
300	Lan	average	I don't think there's been a book by Cardeno C. that I have not loved. Home Again is another sexy and sweet story where family is first, the characters get their HEA, and the sex is SMOKING hot. This book is told is a series of flashbacks which alternate with present day, focusing on Noah and Clark, who first meet when they are teenagers. I love how this author spotlights the importance of friends who accept you, but also being true to yourself. There is some angst in this book but you just know the main characters will work everything out. The story is clever and the alternating POV's are refreshing. Oh and of course, the chemistry between Noah and Clark is off-the-charts hot and the sex scenes are absolutely amazing. Loved the twist at the end! This is a standalone although it is part of a series. If you are looking for sexy-sweet M/M romance, then Cardeno C. is your go-to author and you will love Home Again.   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
300	Khoa	average	I don't think there's been a book by Cardeno C. that I have not loved. Home Again is another sexy and sweet story where family is first, the characters get their HEA, and the sex is SMOKING hot. This book is told is a series of flashbacks which alternate with present day, focusing on Noah and Clark, who first meet when they are teenagers. I love how this author spotlights the importance of friends who accept you, but also being true to yourself. There is some angst in this book but you just know the main characters will work everything out. The story is clever and the alternating POV's are refreshing. Oh and of course, the chemistry between Noah and Clark is off-the-charts hot and the sex scenes are absolutely amazing. Loved the twist at the end! This is a standalone although it is part of a series. If you are looking for sexy-sweet M/M romance, then Cardeno C. is your go-to author and you will love Home Again.   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
301	Lan	average	I do LOVE my Katy Evans books!! MANWHORE +1 was a wonderful and very satisfying sequel to the first book in the series, Manwhore! I loved the very modern and witty yet very sexy story.   This book picks up right after the conclusion to MANWHORE. Rachel has publicly embarrassed her boyfriend Malcolm Saint and is in deep despair of ever repairing their relationship. Katy Evans writes a beautifully flowing yet very fast-paced and verrrrry sexy story here as we experience the deep heartache that Rachel feels.   "This is what I've been waiting for, for four weeks. This is what I wanted when I left a thousand messages on his phones and what I wanted when I wrote a thousand others that I left unsent. To see him.   For him to want to see me."   There's plenty of office drama, too, as Rachel's dream job seems to be in jeopardy due to a bidding war over the ownership of the company where she works. One of the things I love about this author is that her heroes, no matter how tortured, always have the ability the love deeply and Saint is no exception. Despite his reputation, he really cares deeply for Rachel and their scenes together are perfect.   I definitely recommend this series if you love a contemporary, witty, and passionate story with a great cast of supporting players. I also loved that there might be another story here for Gina and Tahoe? Things seem to be pointing in that direction and I would love to read more about them! I can't wait to see what's next for Rachel and Saint and am anxiously awaiting Ms. Manwhore!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
301	Khoa	good	I do LOVE my Katy Evans books!! MANWHORE +1 was a wonderful and very satisfying sequel to the first book in the series, Manwhore! I loved the very modern and witty yet very sexy story.   This book picks up right after the conclusion to MANWHORE. Rachel has publicly embarrassed her boyfriend Malcolm Saint and is in deep despair of ever repairing their relationship. Katy Evans writes a beautifully flowing yet very fast-paced and verrrrry sexy story here as we experience the deep heartache that Rachel feels.   "This is what I've been waiting for, for four weeks. This is what I wanted when I left a thousand messages on his phones and what I wanted when I wrote a thousand others that I left unsent. To see him.   For him to want to see me."   There's plenty of office drama, too, as Rachel's dream job seems to be in jeopardy due to a bidding war over the ownership of the company where she works. One of the things I love about this author is that her heroes, no matter how tortured, always have the ability the love deeply and Saint is no exception. Despite his reputation, he really cares deeply for Rachel and their scenes together are perfect.   I definitely recommend this series if you love a contemporary, witty, and passionate story with a great cast of supporting players. I also loved that there might be another story here for Gina and Tahoe? Things seem to be pointing in that direction and I would love to read more about them! I can't wait to see what's next for Rachel and Saint and am anxiously awaiting Ms. Manwhore!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
302	Lan	good	4.5 STARS!!   "Dragging my hand over my face, I pull my phone back out and try to focus on the man I need to beat.   And I think of that nice girl who doesn't want to be nice. A girl who wants to be unforgettable and doesn't realize, she already is."   MAVERICK!!!! I think I'm in LOVE. Katy Evans has created a gorgeous, sensitive beast of a man. Another legend is born.   Legend is the kind of Katy Evans book that I love, filled with passion, emotion, tons of sexy times and a deep emotional connection between the two main characters. This book goes back to the roots of the series, an lonely underdog fighting against the world, and a sweet, kind woman who is swept away by his passion.   Maverick "the Avenger" Cage is an outcast in the underground fighting world. But he knows he can be the best if only someone would give him a chance and train with him. The best he can do is a down-and-out trainer named Oz. Reese is Remy's wife Brooke's cousin, and is traveling with them on the fighting circuit while taking care of their son, Racer. She is a loner, shy, and never thinks someone like Maverick would be interested in her.   "I wanted to be understood, and I wanted to be known. And I wanted to be loved."   I LOVE a good underdog story and Legend fits the bill perfectly. There are no over-the-top characters here, just two people who are searching for something that they never had. And when Maverick and Reese get together, WOW!!!! Hello, new favorite book boyfriend!!   "Don't go after her if you don't think you can deserve her." He hits me again and I block, then jab him. He eases back and prowls around. So do I.   "Deserve her first. Then go after her."   Reese and Maverick have a forbidden romance at first, because Maverick is in training to ultimately fight Remington "Riptide" Tate and challenge him for the championship. And nothing will stand in his way. But the truth comes out and Reese must decide whose corner she is really in. There's no question that Maverick is all hers, and he is the kind of man that knows when he has found the woman for him. I loved that Reese is not perfect, and the author makes sure to point out her insecurities. This is the kind of book that Katy Evans does best, filled with fierce warmth, hotness and a brute of a hero with a heart of gold. Maverick is EVERYTHING. I adored Legend and it is the perfect entry in the REAL series of books.   Favorite quote:   "He doesn't say a word to me, but I can feel him. He's all I feel. Everywhere.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
302	Khoa	good	4.5 STARS!!   "Dragging my hand over my face, I pull my phone back out and try to focus on the man I need to beat.   And I think of that nice girl who doesn't want to be nice. A girl who wants to be unforgettable and doesn't realize, she already is."   MAVERICK!!!! I think I'm in LOVE. Katy Evans has created a gorgeous, sensitive beast of a man. Another legend is born.   Legend is the kind of Katy Evans book that I love, filled with passion, emotion, tons of sexy times and a deep emotional connection between the two main characters. This book goes back to the roots of the series, an lonely underdog fighting against the world, and a sweet, kind woman who is swept away by his passion.   Maverick "the Avenger" Cage is an outcast in the underground fighting world. But he knows he can be the best if only someone would give him a chance and train with him. The best he can do is a down-and-out trainer named Oz. Reese is Remy's wife Brooke's cousin, and is traveling with them on the fighting circuit while taking care of their son, Racer. She is a loner, shy, and never thinks someone like Maverick would be interested in her.   "I wanted to be understood, and I wanted to be known. And I wanted to be loved."   I LOVE a good underdog story and Legend fits the bill perfectly. There are no over-the-top characters here, just two people who are searching for something that they never had. And when Maverick and Reese get together, WOW!!!! Hello, new favorite book boyfriend!!   "Don't go after her if you don't think you can deserve her." He hits me again and I block, then jab him. He eases back and prowls around. So do I.   "Deserve her first. Then go after her."   Reese and Maverick have a forbidden romance at first, because Maverick is in training to ultimately fight Remington "Riptide" Tate and challenge him for the championship. And nothing will stand in his way. But the truth comes out and Reese must decide whose corner she is really in. There's no question that Maverick is all hers, and he is the kind of man that knows when he has found the woman for him. I loved that Reese is not perfect, and the author makes sure to point out her insecurities. This is the kind of book that Katy Evans does best, filled with fierce warmth, hotness and a brute of a hero with a heart of gold. Maverick is EVERYTHING. I adored Legend and it is the perfect entry in the REAL series of books.   Favorite quote:   "He doesn't say a word to me, but I can feel him. He's all I feel. Everywhere.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
303	Lan	good	4.5 sexy-Alpha stars!!   Harper Sloan keeps getting better and better! I loved this book! The author has created more characters to fall in love with. Cohen and Dani are absolutely irresistible and their story was steamy, emotional, passionate and beautiful. This story has the perfect blend of sexy, heart-warming, funny and tension. I read this book in one sitting and really feel that it is one of Harper's best books.   Dani is a sweet girl and knows from an early age that Cohen is her man. The problem is her overprotective Alpha father kept her almost locked away and she never thought that Cohen saw her as anything but the best friend's little sister. I loved that she really was honest with Cohen, she didn't try and hide her feelings. That was a refreshing twist for me.   Cohen is another gorgeous, sexy Alpha as only Harper Sloan can create. He is brave, loving and will do anything to protect his girl. He never forgot Dani or gave up on them, even when he was in the middle of combat.   "Right in the middle of that Hell-on-earth chaos, I would hear her words trail through my thoughts right when I needed an extra push of strength or, God forbid, hope. I think that was the moment that I realized the enormity of it and that confession whispered all those years ago. Right or wrong, whatever it is between us would always be bigger than I understand. It's something that was so unexpected-- that feeling, craving, desire, to make her mine. It's something I've almost felt guilty about over the years."   Unexpected Fate is a thrilling, totally sexy story filled with family, love and emotion. I highly recommend it for all fans of Harper Sloan and for anyone who loves a fast-paced, steamy story. This story has a fabulous and satisfying ending and I can't wait for more books in this series!   (ARC received from the the author in return for an honest review)
303	Khoa	excellent	4.5 sexy-Alpha stars!!   Harper Sloan keeps getting better and better! I loved this book! The author has created more characters to fall in love with. Cohen and Dani are absolutely irresistible and their story was steamy, emotional, passionate and beautiful. This story has the perfect blend of sexy, heart-warming, funny and tension. I read this book in one sitting and really feel that it is one of Harper's best books.   Dani is a sweet girl and knows from an early age that Cohen is her man. The problem is her overprotective Alpha father kept her almost locked away and she never thought that Cohen saw her as anything but the best friend's little sister. I loved that she really was honest with Cohen, she didn't try and hide her feelings. That was a refreshing twist for me.   Cohen is another gorgeous, sexy Alpha as only Harper Sloan can create. He is brave, loving and will do anything to protect his girl. He never forgot Dani or gave up on them, even when he was in the middle of combat.   "Right in the middle of that Hell-on-earth chaos, I would hear her words trail through my thoughts right when I needed an extra push of strength or, God forbid, hope. I think that was the moment that I realized the enormity of it and that confession whispered all those years ago. Right or wrong, whatever it is between us would always be bigger than I understand. It's something that was so unexpected-- that feeling, craving, desire, to make her mine. It's something I've almost felt guilty about over the years."   Unexpected Fate is a thrilling, totally sexy story filled with family, love and emotion. I highly recommend it for all fans of Harper Sloan and for anyone who loves a fast-paced, steamy story. This story has a fabulous and satisfying ending and I can't wait for more books in this series!   (ARC received from the the author in return for an honest review)
304	Lan	excellent	4.5 - 5 Sexy - Sweet Stars!!   Hello, Elle Kennedy! Thank you for this perfect blend of sexy, sweet and funny! The Deal is a palate cleanser, the kind of book that is a refreshing change of pace from dark, angsty, over-emotional stories. Even if you are not usually a fan of college romances, take a chance on The Deal, you won't be disappointed. Hannah is a smart, hard-working, self-sufficient music major, talented and unfortunately very closed off to any sort of interpersonal relationships. Garrett is a hockey player (Hello!! New favorite sport!), and a "player" in every other sense of the word. He is required to maintain a certain GPA to play on the team and for this, he needs a top-notch tutor for one of his classes. Enter Hannah. Excerpt that she absolutely refuses to have anything to do with Garrett.   There is so much more to Garrett than meets the eye. I loved how he slowly breaks down Hannah's resistance and she discovers, to her total surprise, that he is actually an incredibly decent and yes, very irresistible guy. The Deal is a wonderfully layered story, with the characters getting to know one another and slowly developing a bond. There are no contrived situations here or over-the-top plot developments. The story is pure gold and I absolutely loved every single word of it! (There was only one "oops" moment in this story which hopefully won't reappear in The Mistake - American college students don't use "meters" to describe measurements - they would use feet.)   There are also fabulous supporting characters here and I can't wait for their stories. Elle Kennedy has become a new favorite of mine and I look forward to reading more from her. Here are some of my favorite quotes from The Deal:   I have to say, this is the first time a girl's been worried about getting caught in my bedroom. Normally they strut out like they've just bagged Brad Pitt.   Hannah takes a breath. "We studied. We watched TV. I went home late. That's what happened. Got it?"   I fight back laughter. "As you wish."   "Did you really just Princess Bride me?"   "Did you really just use Princess Bride as a verb?"   She glowers.   **************   I burst into the locker room and --   Penises!   Sweet Jesus.   Penises everywhere.   Horror slams into me as I register what I'm seeing. Oh God. I've stumbled onto a penis convention. Big penises and small penises and fat penises and penis-shaped penises. It doesn't matter which direction I move my head because everywhere I look I see penises.   (ARC provided with thanks for an honest review.)
304	Khoa	good	4.5 - 5 Sexy - Sweet Stars!!   Hello, Elle Kennedy! Thank you for this perfect blend of sexy, sweet and funny! The Deal is a palate cleanser, the kind of book that is a refreshing change of pace from dark, angsty, over-emotional stories. Even if you are not usually a fan of college romances, take a chance on The Deal, you won't be disappointed. Hannah is a smart, hard-working, self-sufficient music major, talented and unfortunately very closed off to any sort of interpersonal relationships. Garrett is a hockey player (Hello!! New favorite sport!), and a "player" in every other sense of the word. He is required to maintain a certain GPA to play on the team and for this, he needs a top-notch tutor for one of his classes. Enter Hannah. Excerpt that she absolutely refuses to have anything to do with Garrett.   There is so much more to Garrett than meets the eye. I loved how he slowly breaks down Hannah's resistance and she discovers, to her total surprise, that he is actually an incredibly decent and yes, very irresistible guy. The Deal is a wonderfully layered story, with the characters getting to know one another and slowly developing a bond. There are no contrived situations here or over-the-top plot developments. The story is pure gold and I absolutely loved every single word of it! (There was only one "oops" moment in this story which hopefully won't reappear in The Mistake - American college students don't use "meters" to describe measurements - they would use feet.)   There are also fabulous supporting characters here and I can't wait for their stories. Elle Kennedy has become a new favorite of mine and I look forward to reading more from her. Here are some of my favorite quotes from The Deal:   I have to say, this is the first time a girl's been worried about getting caught in my bedroom. Normally they strut out like they've just bagged Brad Pitt.   Hannah takes a breath. "We studied. We watched TV. I went home late. That's what happened. Got it?"   I fight back laughter. "As you wish."   "Did you really just Princess Bride me?"   "Did you really just use Princess Bride as a verb?"   She glowers.   **************   I burst into the locker room and --   Penises!   Sweet Jesus.   Penises everywhere.   Horror slams into me as I register what I'm seeing. Oh God. I've stumbled onto a penis convention. Big penises and small penises and fat penises and penis-shaped penises. It doesn't matter which direction I move my head because everywhere I look I see penises.   (ARC provided with thanks for an honest review.)
305	Lan	poor	4.5 heart-pounding stars!! Malcolm Kyle Preston Logan Saint is quite the sexy alpha!! I need more, asap. I know there is much more to Saint than meets the eye. This is one of Katy's best books. Full review to come closer to release day!
305	Khoa	poor	4.5 heart-pounding stars!! Malcolm Kyle Preston Logan Saint is quite the sexy alpha!! I need more, asap. I know there is much more to Saint than meets the eye. This is one of Katy's best books. Full review to come closer to release day!
306	Lan	good	4.5 - 5 stars!!   I absolutely loved this passionate and moody story and I need closure on Kes and Aimee's story, like, yesterday! I can't stop thinking about these characters. This is one of those very broody, very memorable stories that really gets under your skin. The first half of this book completely swept me away and immersed me into the small-town, Midwestern setting. Kestrel and Aimee had a simmering, sizzling attraction that grew from their close friendship as children. Kes, a bruised and battered soul, found something in Aimee that he could cling to and that would give him a glimmer of hope in his stolen youth.   Kes was put to work in a traveling carnival at a young age, and while Aimee sees the carnival as a magical, almost mystical lifestyle, Kes sees the much harsher side of "carnie" life. His carnival returns to her small town each summer for 2 weeks, and their unlikely friendship blossoms over the years into a sexy, heated, full-blown relationship.   "Fate was against us. Screw that! Kes was moody and difficult, brilliant and beautiful. He scared me and protected me."   Years pass, and finally Kes and Aimee might have the chance as adults to explore their searing and unbreakable bond. Kes has becom a star within the fair circuit, with women throwing themselves at him, as they did when he was younger. Aimee is a schoolteacher, living a safe and plain existence in a town in New England. What will happen when they are reunited?   "He was everything i wasn't, but somehow, together, there was a synergy, an alignment, something that just made sense."   The first half of this book literlly blew me away! I could not put it down. The tone changed slightly in the second half but yet I am still 100% invested in this story and I cannot wait to see what the author has in store for these characters in the next book! Please note that this is book #1 in a series with somewhat of a sudden ending but I highly recommend it. Prepare to fall in love with Kes!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
306	Khoa	good	4.5 - 5 stars!!   I absolutely loved this passionate and moody story and I need closure on Kes and Aimee's story, like, yesterday! I can't stop thinking about these characters. This is one of those very broody, very memorable stories that really gets under your skin. The first half of this book completely swept me away and immersed me into the small-town, Midwestern setting. Kestrel and Aimee had a simmering, sizzling attraction that grew from their close friendship as children. Kes, a bruised and battered soul, found something in Aimee that he could cling to and that would give him a glimmer of hope in his stolen youth.   Kes was put to work in a traveling carnival at a young age, and while Aimee sees the carnival as a magical, almost mystical lifestyle, Kes sees the much harsher side of "carnie" life. His carnival returns to her small town each summer for 2 weeks, and their unlikely friendship blossoms over the years into a sexy, heated, full-blown relationship.   "Fate was against us. Screw that! Kes was moody and difficult, brilliant and beautiful. He scared me and protected me."   Years pass, and finally Kes and Aimee might have the chance as adults to explore their searing and unbreakable bond. Kes has becom a star within the fair circuit, with women throwing themselves at him, as they did when he was younger. Aimee is a schoolteacher, living a safe and plain existence in a town in New England. What will happen when they are reunited?   "He was everything i wasn't, but somehow, together, there was a synergy, an alignment, something that just made sense."   The first half of this book literlly blew me away! I could not put it down. The tone changed slightly in the second half but yet I am still 100% invested in this story and I cannot wait to see what the author has in store for these characters in the next book! Please note that this is book #1 in a series with somewhat of a sudden ending but I highly recommend it. Prepare to fall in love with Kes!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
307	Lan	excellent	4.5 STARS   What an amazing story!! Lust, sex, chemistry and tons of action fill Mel and Painter's story. Never a dull moment here and the sex is OFF. THE. CHARTS. There's lots of MC goodness, because there is a fantastic epilogue PLUS other treats in store for readers of Reaper's Fall!!   I ADORE Joanna Wylde's writing. She writes MC romance with a certain excitement but also realism that is absolutely addictive. Every one of her men is rough, sexy and real. Reaper's Fall is Painter and Melanie's story and uses one of my favorite tropes, the lovers-to-enemies theme. Their early contact is really limited to just letters while Painter is in prison. The build-up is slow and delicious and when they break apart, as you know that they will, it is emotional and heartbreaking and fiery. I literally devour every book by Joanna Wylde and Reaper's Fall was no different. Although the characters from previous books appear here, this book can abaolutely be read as a standalone but I LOVED seeing all of my "old friends".   These books are rouch, they are messy, there is not always hearts and flowers. Melanie doesn't always make the right decisions but what I love about Ms W writing is that her characters are always trying to better themselves, and Melanie is no different. And Painter makes no apologies for who he is, and when he and Melanie get together, it is pure heat and emotion.   Melanie is very stubborn and rebels against the MC. The actions of the club members are not sugar-coated here but that makes Melanie and Painter's journey that much more bittersweet. And did I mention there's plenty of humor here to balance out the raw passion and emotion and incredibly steamy sex??   "If I had to fall in love with an asshole, at least he was a hot asshole."   I will read every single book that Joanna Wylde writes. Every story from Ms. Wylde delivers the goods. And, as an added bonus here, there is a FANTASTIC Epilogue!! I can't wait for the next book from this fabulous author.   Favorite Quote:   "I still wanted better for her. Someone nice, who'd work a steady job, maybe take her to Hawaii every other year. Wash her car on Saturday mornings. Unfortunately, every time I tried to picture the guy, he was dead at my feet."   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
307	Khoa	excellent	4.5 STARS   What an amazing story!! Lust, sex, chemistry and tons of action fill Mel and Painter's story. Never a dull moment here and the sex is OFF. THE. CHARTS. There's lots of MC goodness, because there is a fantastic epilogue PLUS other treats in store for readers of Reaper's Fall!!   I ADORE Joanna Wylde's writing. She writes MC romance with a certain excitement but also realism that is absolutely addictive. Every one of her men is rough, sexy and real. Reaper's Fall is Painter and Melanie's story and uses one of my favorite tropes, the lovers-to-enemies theme. Their early contact is really limited to just letters while Painter is in prison. The build-up is slow and delicious and when they break apart, as you know that they will, it is emotional and heartbreaking and fiery. I literally devour every book by Joanna Wylde and Reaper's Fall was no different. Although the characters from previous books appear here, this book can abaolutely be read as a standalone but I LOVED seeing all of my "old friends".   These books are rouch, they are messy, there is not always hearts and flowers. Melanie doesn't always make the right decisions but what I love about Ms W writing is that her characters are always trying to better themselves, and Melanie is no different. And Painter makes no apologies for who he is, and when he and Melanie get together, it is pure heat and emotion.   Melanie is very stubborn and rebels against the MC. The actions of the club members are not sugar-coated here but that makes Melanie and Painter's journey that much more bittersweet. And did I mention there's plenty of humor here to balance out the raw passion and emotion and incredibly steamy sex??   "If I had to fall in love with an asshole, at least he was a hot asshole."   I will read every single book that Joanna Wylde writes. Every story from Ms. Wylde delivers the goods. And, as an added bonus here, there is a FANTASTIC Epilogue!! I can't wait for the next book from this fabulous author.   Favorite Quote:   "I still wanted better for her. Someone nice, who'd work a steady job, maybe take her to Hawaii every other year. Wash her car on Saturday mornings. Unfortunately, every time I tried to picture the guy, he was dead at my feet."   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
308	Lan	average	There is nothing like the thrill of a new MC book from Joanna Wylde. Her characters feel real and each book is raw, sexy and fresh. Silver Bastard is no different, it is a thrill-ride from beginning to end. I fell in love with the two main characters and I absolutely adored Becca, she is a kick-ass heroine who is fighting for a better life and does so with humor and strength.   We first met Puck in Reapers Stand and now it is five years later as Puck is out of prison after taking the fall for his MC. His first night of freedom and he meets Becca, in an awkward situation that turns ugly very fast. Puck is a stand-up guy and he basically saves Becca's life. Several years later, Becca is living in a small town in Northern Idaho, working and attending school. She is only 21 but is much older than her years.   Becca knows that Puck is not the right guys for her, she has been trying to avoid trouble since she left home 5 years before. But the problem is that Puck can't stay away from Becca and feels protective of her in every sense. They fight, they argue, they battle, but this book is so filled with humor and fast-paced action that the classic "will-they-won't they" feels fresh and new and exciting. I couldn't put this book down! Silver Bastard is one of my favorite Joanna Wylde books and I have read them all.   Puck can't stay away from Becca and he is an Alpha MC biker so... you can guess where things lead. Joanna Wylde's incredibly steamy scenes between Puck and Becca and the fantastic storyline kept me hooked from the very beginning. I can't say enough about her writing and her MC books. Although there are many serious and dark issues raised in this book, our hero and heroine eventually get their HEA (of course) and the funny and witty dialogue provided a welcome relief from all the drama.   I love all Joanna Wylde's characters and I was excited to see some other characters introduced here. As usual, I can't wait for her next book. If you love great writing with tons of steamy scenes and some rough and gritty drama, then you will love Silver Bastard.   Favorite Quote: (because this perfectly captured Puck and Becca):   "We've been in a relationship for five years now," Puck said, his voice hard. 'It wasn't normal, it wasn't exclusive... Hell, I don't know what the fuck it was, but we both know that's the truth. Whatever's between us, it's been there since the first night we met."   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
308	Khoa	good	There is nothing like the thrill of a new MC book from Joanna Wylde. Her characters feel real and each book is raw, sexy and fresh. Silver Bastard is no different, it is a thrill-ride from beginning to end. I fell in love with the two main characters and I absolutely adored Becca, she is a kick-ass heroine who is fighting for a better life and does so with humor and strength.   We first met Puck in Reapers Stand and now it is five years later as Puck is out of prison after taking the fall for his MC. His first night of freedom and he meets Becca, in an awkward situation that turns ugly very fast. Puck is a stand-up guy and he basically saves Becca's life. Several years later, Becca is living in a small town in Northern Idaho, working and attending school. She is only 21 but is much older than her years.   Becca knows that Puck is not the right guys for her, she has been trying to avoid trouble since she left home 5 years before. But the problem is that Puck can't stay away from Becca and feels protective of her in every sense. They fight, they argue, they battle, but this book is so filled with humor and fast-paced action that the classic "will-they-won't they" feels fresh and new and exciting. I couldn't put this book down! Silver Bastard is one of my favorite Joanna Wylde books and I have read them all.   Puck can't stay away from Becca and he is an Alpha MC biker so... you can guess where things lead. Joanna Wylde's incredibly steamy scenes between Puck and Becca and the fantastic storyline kept me hooked from the very beginning. I can't say enough about her writing and her MC books. Although there are many serious and dark issues raised in this book, our hero and heroine eventually get their HEA (of course) and the funny and witty dialogue provided a welcome relief from all the drama.   I love all Joanna Wylde's characters and I was excited to see some other characters introduced here. As usual, I can't wait for her next book. If you love great writing with tons of steamy scenes and some rough and gritty drama, then you will love Silver Bastard.   Favorite Quote: (because this perfectly captured Puck and Becca):   "We've been in a relationship for five years now," Puck said, his voice hard. 'It wasn't normal, it wasn't exclusive... Hell, I don't know what the fuck it was, but we both know that's the truth. Whatever's between us, it's been there since the first night we met."   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
309	Lan	average	do not read much paranormal romance but I highly recommend this book! The characters and the story won me over. Mitch and Frederick are twins and both alpha wolves. Mitch stayed in their area, even after his brother found a mate and even though he accepted that he would forever be alone.   Frederick and Simon meet by chance and once again, Cardeno C.'s incredibly loving, warm and sweet style took over to give these two the full life they had both been missing.   Blue Mountain is a fairly short story, but is a wonderful, sweet addition to the author's work. Although Simon and Frederick are only really together towards the end of the story, the story and the characters really mesh perfectly together and I loved the direction the story took. I absolutely adored the narrator of this audiobook, even though I liked him best as the voice for Frederick and Mitch. I would like to hear Sean Crisden again as the narrator in future audiobooks. I highly recommend this story and the audio book for any reader of the m/m genre, even those new to the shapeshifter genre. Thank you, Cardeno C. for broadening my reading horizons once again!   (A complimentary copy of the audiobook was provided in exchange for an honest review.)
309	Khoa	average	do not read much paranormal romance but I highly recommend this book! The characters and the story won me over. Mitch and Frederick are twins and both alpha wolves. Mitch stayed in their area, even after his brother found a mate and even though he accepted that he would forever be alone.   Frederick and Simon meet by chance and once again, Cardeno C.'s incredibly loving, warm and sweet style took over to give these two the full life they had both been missing.   Blue Mountain is a fairly short story, but is a wonderful, sweet addition to the author's work. Although Simon and Frederick are only really together towards the end of the story, the story and the characters really mesh perfectly together and I loved the direction the story took. I absolutely adored the narrator of this audiobook, even though I liked him best as the voice for Frederick and Mitch. I would like to hear Sean Crisden again as the narrator in future audiobooks. I highly recommend this story and the audio book for any reader of the m/m genre, even those new to the shapeshifter genre. Thank you, Cardeno C. for broadening my reading horizons once again!   (A complimentary copy of the audiobook was provided in exchange for an honest review.)
310	Lan	average	4.5 Stars!!   Swoon!!! Ladies and gentleman, meet Gray Grayson and prepare to fall in LOVE!!   THE FRIEND ZONE is a super-funny, very steamy, and very romantic sports romance that I absolutely adored. It can be read as a standalone although two characters from The Hook-Up make appearances here. If you are looking for a fast-paced, clever story, then THE FRIEND ZONE is for you.   I think one of my favorite quotes of the year so far has to be from this book:   "I'm trying to commiserate, you noodle. Because the itching was torture when it grew back. And do not get me started on the pain of waxing. I was certain that evil woman had ripped my lady lips off."   "Lady lips? Oh Christ." His gleeful laughter echoes through the stadium.   "This is so not funny," I protest, my hands on my hips as his abs clench--which, unf--and he cracks up. "It was the worst pain of my life. And I've broken my arm in two places."   Lady lips! I love it! But the story is great and the supporting characters all vital to the story and just as interesting as Gray and Ivy. Ivy has vowed never to do casual hook-ups, especially with an athlete. Her sports-agent father's lifestyle turned her off to that. And Gray isn't interested in a monogamous relationship, until of course, he meets Ivy.   This book is extremely clever and the author creates a real and meaningful friendship between Ivy and Gray. Their relationship is believable, sweet and honest, and so their eventual sexy times did not feel rushed at all, but instead felt like a perfectly natural progression of their growing passion.   And speaking of sex, did I mention that Gray is irresistible? Yep, perfect boyfriend material. The nighttime stadium scene? I died a little. He's an intelligent and incredibly gifted athlete with a bright future ahead if only he can withstand his sorry excuse for a family.   "To me it's a cathedral. I sit here and I feel calm, centered. And yet it's like all the energy of games past remains, coursing through my veins, and I can't wait for the next game."   These two are meant for each other, it's just that they don't quite realize it at the beginning:   "His forearm tenses, and I find him staring at me with wide eyes. Pain resides there, and a sort of longing too. I recognize it in myself -- that need to have someone understand how empty life can feel, as if you're the only one in your universe.   Gray holds my gaze for another second then clears his throat. "Shit, Mac, you're going to have me bawling like a baby soon." He gives me a lopsided smile."   Ivy and Gray care deeply for each other; they both had sad and lonely lives when they were younger, some of which has spilled over into their young adult lives and which has brought them closer together. But never fear, the author watches over your heart and doesn't let anything too painful happen to it.   Gray falls for ivy, despite his surprise at the depth of his feelings for her. It was actually quite beautiful to watch his feelings unfold   "And that strange dichotomy is my Ivy. Insane planner mixed with a free spirit who goes with the flow. A surge of affection hits me, and I sink further into the pillows."   Lest I forget to rave about the sexy times, they are HAWT!! Take one 6'6'' football player who weighs well over 200 pounds, with a drop-dead body and a very sensitive and loving soul and you have the recipe for PERFECT sex! And they both like to act out fantasies. THUD.   There are some very serious and sensitive moments in The Friend Zone, but they are handled with sensitivity and grace by the author. And the Epilogue was perfect! Not completely unexpected but tender and loving nonetheless.
310	Khoa	good	4.5 Stars!!   Swoon!!! Ladies and gentleman, meet Gray Grayson and prepare to fall in LOVE!!   THE FRIEND ZONE is a super-funny, very steamy, and very romantic sports romance that I absolutely adored. It can be read as a standalone although two characters from The Hook-Up make appearances here. If you are looking for a fast-paced, clever story, then THE FRIEND ZONE is for you.   I think one of my favorite quotes of the year so far has to be from this book:   "I'm trying to commiserate, you noodle. Because the itching was torture when it grew back. And do not get me started on the pain of waxing. I was certain that evil woman had ripped my lady lips off."   "Lady lips? Oh Christ." His gleeful laughter echoes through the stadium.   "This is so not funny," I protest, my hands on my hips as his abs clench--which, unf--and he cracks up. "It was the worst pain of my life. And I've broken my arm in two places."   Lady lips! I love it! But the story is great and the supporting characters all vital to the story and just as interesting as Gray and Ivy. Ivy has vowed never to do casual hook-ups, especially with an athlete. Her sports-agent father's lifestyle turned her off to that. And Gray isn't interested in a monogamous relationship, until of course, he meets Ivy.   This book is extremely clever and the author creates a real and meaningful friendship between Ivy and Gray. Their relationship is believable, sweet and honest, and so their eventual sexy times did not feel rushed at all, but instead felt like a perfectly natural progression of their growing passion.   And speaking of sex, did I mention that Gray is irresistible? Yep, perfect boyfriend material. The nighttime stadium scene? I died a little. He's an intelligent and incredibly gifted athlete with a bright future ahead if only he can withstand his sorry excuse for a family.   "To me it's a cathedral. I sit here and I feel calm, centered. And yet it's like all the energy of games past remains, coursing through my veins, and I can't wait for the next game."   These two are meant for each other, it's just that they don't quite realize it at the beginning:   "His forearm tenses, and I find him staring at me with wide eyes. Pain resides there, and a sort of longing too. I recognize it in myself -- that need to have someone understand how empty life can feel, as if you're the only one in your universe.   Gray holds my gaze for another second then clears his throat. "Shit, Mac, you're going to have me bawling like a baby soon." He gives me a lopsided smile."   Ivy and Gray care deeply for each other; they both had sad and lonely lives when they were younger, some of which has spilled over into their young adult lives and which has brought them closer together. But never fear, the author watches over your heart and doesn't let anything too painful happen to it.   Gray falls for ivy, despite his surprise at the depth of his feelings for her. It was actually quite beautiful to watch his feelings unfold   "And that strange dichotomy is my Ivy. Insane planner mixed with a free spirit who goes with the flow. A surge of affection hits me, and I sink further into the pillows."   Lest I forget to rave about the sexy times, they are HAWT!! Take one 6'6'' football player who weighs well over 200 pounds, with a drop-dead body and a very sensitive and loving soul and you have the recipe for PERFECT sex! And they both like to act out fantasies. THUD.   There are some very serious and sensitive moments in The Friend Zone, but they are handled with sensitivity and grace by the author. And the Epilogue was perfect! Not completely unexpected but tender and loving nonetheless.
311	Lan	average	3.5 - 4 Stars   Reviewed by Cathy:   Pucked is a witty story about Violet, who has a super funny and very inappropriate mother and a whore of a stepbrother who plays for the the NHL. So she has stayed away from hockey players until she meets Alex, the captain of the Rangers. All that goes out the widow. The writing is funny and light and the sex is great. There is no angst or heavy themes in this book. It is raunchy, funny and filled with tons of sexy times. If you're a fan of sports romance, you'll love this book - Pucked is the perfect, fast-paced summer read!   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
311	Khoa	average	3.5 - 4 Stars   Reviewed by Cathy:   Pucked is a witty story about Violet, who has a super funny and very inappropriate mother and a whore of a stepbrother who plays for the the NHL. So she has stayed away from hockey players until she meets Alex, the captain of the Rangers. All that goes out the widow. The writing is funny and light and the sex is great. There is no angst or heavy themes in this book. It is raunchy, funny and filled with tons of sexy times. If you're a fan of sports romance, you'll love this book - Pucked is the perfect, fast-paced summer read!   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
312	Lan	good	Always You is a surprisingly good, second-chance romance that is modern, witty, steamy and filled with believable characters. This is a great debut from Stephanie Rose! I loved the story and absolutely loved the plot. This is an emotional story that grabbed me from the first page.   Samantha is stuck in a loveless and heartless marriage and re-connects via Facebook with Lucas, her former college advisor. It is clear from the outset that Sam is with the wrong guy in more ways than one. Her husband Marc is an absentee husband and father. Lucas is wonderful to Sam and her daughter Bella, and Lucas and Bella's relationship makes up much of the heart of this story, it is just amazing.   Lucas is, well, irresistible. He is smart, uber-sexy, respectful and H-O-T. Just what Sam needs. And when things with Marc take a nasty turn, Lucas is right there with Sam, supporting her emotionally, and ready to love Bella and Sam forever. Lucas is an amazing character and a perfect book boyfriend!! There are some really romantic scenes in Always You that touched me and melted my heart. As you can probably see, Sam was married when she first reconnects with Lucas but trust me, Marc is a horrible person who needed to be dealt with. Sam just didn't have to courage to act until Lucas came into the picture.   There is lots of sexy time and sweet and sexy texting between our Hero and heroine. This book was surprisingly hot, very readable and enjoyable for all fans of steamy contemporary romance. The last scenes in the book were especially touching. I highly recommend this book for romance fans who like some steam to go along with their HEA.   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
312	Khoa	average	Always You is a surprisingly good, second-chance romance that is modern, witty, steamy and filled with believable characters. This is a great debut from Stephanie Rose! I loved the story and absolutely loved the plot. This is an emotional story that grabbed me from the first page.   Samantha is stuck in a loveless and heartless marriage and re-connects via Facebook with Lucas, her former college advisor. It is clear from the outset that Sam is with the wrong guy in more ways than one. Her husband Marc is an absentee husband and father. Lucas is wonderful to Sam and her daughter Bella, and Lucas and Bella's relationship makes up much of the heart of this story, it is just amazing.   Lucas is, well, irresistible. He is smart, uber-sexy, respectful and H-O-T. Just what Sam needs. And when things with Marc take a nasty turn, Lucas is right there with Sam, supporting her emotionally, and ready to love Bella and Sam forever. Lucas is an amazing character and a perfect book boyfriend!! There are some really romantic scenes in Always You that touched me and melted my heart. As you can probably see, Sam was married when she first reconnects with Lucas but trust me, Marc is a horrible person who needed to be dealt with. Sam just didn't have to courage to act until Lucas came into the picture.   There is lots of sexy time and sweet and sexy texting between our Hero and heroine. This book was surprisingly hot, very readable and enjoyable for all fans of steamy contemporary romance. The last scenes in the book were especially touching. I highly recommend this book for romance fans who like some steam to go along with their HEA.   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
313	Lan	average	4.5 Stars!!   Silas and Charlie's epic journey continues! I'm a huge fan of this series and Part 2 did not disappoint! Another fantastically thrilling and creative story from Colleen Hoover and Tarryn Fisher.   "Never forget, Charlie.   Never stop."   NEVER NEVER PART TWO is another completely gripping and thrilling story that continues literally from where Part One left off. The characters continue to enthrall and the plot continues to thicken in the second installment of this very strange tale. Ms. Hoover and Ms. Fisher are two of my favorite authors so it is no surprise that I loved this book and read it in just one sitting.   The feeling of disorientation continued in this story and I could not wait to see where Silas and Charlie's journey would go. Alas... more questions are raised and only a few answers are revealed. To me, this is not a paranormal story even though there are elements of what might be the supernatural here. I was very surprised by the turn of events here and I cannot wait to get my hands on the next story.   We again have both POVs, which flowed perfectly and added to my enjoyment of the book. Leave it to these two authors to both grip my heartstrings with Silas and Charlie's story, and leave me feeling like I stepped off a roller-coaster ride, all at the same time.   As you can see, these books are not standalones but if you like a twisty, thrilling, beautifully-written story, then don't miss Never Never. I absolutely adore this series and need the conclusion, like, NOW!!
313	Khoa	good	4.5 Stars!!   Silas and Charlie's epic journey continues! I'm a huge fan of this series and Part 2 did not disappoint! Another fantastically thrilling and creative story from Colleen Hoover and Tarryn Fisher.   "Never forget, Charlie.   Never stop."   NEVER NEVER PART TWO is another completely gripping and thrilling story that continues literally from where Part One left off. The characters continue to enthrall and the plot continues to thicken in the second installment of this very strange tale. Ms. Hoover and Ms. Fisher are two of my favorite authors so it is no surprise that I loved this book and read it in just one sitting.   The feeling of disorientation continued in this story and I could not wait to see where Silas and Charlie's journey would go. Alas... more questions are raised and only a few answers are revealed. To me, this is not a paranormal story even though there are elements of what might be the supernatural here. I was very surprised by the turn of events here and I cannot wait to get my hands on the next story.   We again have both POVs, which flowed perfectly and added to my enjoyment of the book. Leave it to these two authors to both grip my heartstrings with Silas and Charlie's story, and leave me feeling like I stepped off a roller-coaster ride, all at the same time.   As you can see, these books are not standalones but if you like a twisty, thrilling, beautifully-written story, then don't miss Never Never. I absolutely adore this series and need the conclusion, like, NOW!!
314	Lan	average	"Someone once told me that there is no such thing as bad people. We're all just people who sometimes do bad things. That stuck with me, because it's so true. We've all got a little bit of good and evil in us."   IT ENDS WITH US is one of THE most important books you'll read this year, maybe ever. It is absolutely stunning. There are very few books that I recommend to my daughter to read but this book is one of them. This story should be read by every woman, husband, boyfriend, son and brother because it contains one of the most powerful messages I have ever experienced.   On the surface this book is the story of Lily, who has escaped to Boston from the small town she grew up in. Smart and driven, she opens her own shop and meets Ryle, a funny, handsome and brilliant surgeon. Revealing anything more about this book would do a tremendous disservice to the perfect way that Colleen Hoover has told this story. It builds slowly, bit by bit, to a painful and inevitable conclusion that took my breath away.   As with all Colleen Hoover's books, IT ENDS WITH US is a stunner, magnificently written and absolutely unputdownable. My heart almost stopped in several places. It's that good!! Do yourself a favor and read this book - you will never forget it.   "Fifteen seconds. That's all it takes to completely change everything about a person. Fifteen seconds that we'll never get back."   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
314	Khoa	good	"Someone once told me that there is no such thing as bad people. We're all just people who sometimes do bad things. That stuck with me, because it's so true. We've all got a little bit of good and evil in us."   IT ENDS WITH US is one of THE most important books you'll read this year, maybe ever. It is absolutely stunning. There are very few books that I recommend to my daughter to read but this book is one of them. This story should be read by every woman, husband, boyfriend, son and brother because it contains one of the most powerful messages I have ever experienced.   On the surface this book is the story of Lily, who has escaped to Boston from the small town she grew up in. Smart and driven, she opens her own shop and meets Ryle, a funny, handsome and brilliant surgeon. Revealing anything more about this book would do a tremendous disservice to the perfect way that Colleen Hoover has told this story. It builds slowly, bit by bit, to a painful and inevitable conclusion that took my breath away.   As with all Colleen Hoover's books, IT ENDS WITH US is a stunner, magnificently written and absolutely unputdownable. My heart almost stopped in several places. It's that good!! Do yourself a favor and read this book - you will never forget it.   "Fifteen seconds. That's all it takes to completely change everything about a person. Fifteen seconds that we'll never get back."   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
315	Lan	good	4 1/2 I-LOVE-LINDEN STARS!!   I love a sweet, sexy, hot and romantic story, and The Pact is all this and more! Add a charismatic and irresistible Scotsman? YES, PLEASE! Karina Halle hits another home run with this incredibly engaging and modern tale of dating, love and romance. This is a fun, fast-paced and very enjoyable read and a little bit of a different type of book for this author. And I loved every word. Linden and Stephanie are two incredibly engaging characters, both very endearing and sometimes maddening and in the end, just plain human, with all the insecurities, longings and sometimes-dysfunctional relationships that most of us deal with into our adulthood.   These two are best friends, but also find each other irresistible. But they are terrified of ruing their close friendship by becoming involved romantically. So, they make a pact. At Linden's suggestion, they agree at age 25 that if they are not married by the age of 30, then they will marry each other. Sounds like a good idea, no? But the problem is that no one else can measure up to the other during all the years in between. At times, I just wanted to scream, "Get together already!!"   "I sip my drink and can't help but feel the slightest bit relieved. In five years, all the dating and the strife could be over. In five years, there's the tiniest possibility that I could marry my best friend."   Linden is hot hot hot and the kind of guy that every girl swoons over. He can't seem to fully give himself to anyone and of course, is madly in love with Stephanie. She, however, is not quite sure if he was just kidding about the pact, but she, too, can't seem to find true love, either.   "I want to tell her all the filthy things I think about, be real, raw and unfiltered. I want to make her cheeks flush from my dirty mouth and her body with desire."   Oh, yes, Linden is a dirty talker. Will they finally see through their stubborn resolve and give in to the feelings they have for each other? Things seem to come to a head during a camping weekend and they both seem to finally see the light. Finally! But will they be able to withstand all the outside forces and their own insecurities to be able to really make their incredible bond last?   The Pact has one of the most romantic and heart-pounding endings I have ever read. I was alternately swooning and crying. Karina Halle has written a perfect contemporary romance - it has a believable and relatable hero and heroine, modern settings, real-life problems and lots and lots of incredibly steamy, off-the-charts sex!! Issues with friendships, dating, jobs, family -- this book has it all. I loved this book and fell in love with Linden. Highly recommended for all fans of modern romance!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
315	Khoa	good	4 1/2 I-LOVE-LINDEN STARS!!   I love a sweet, sexy, hot and romantic story, and The Pact is all this and more! Add a charismatic and irresistible Scotsman? YES, PLEASE! Karina Halle hits another home run with this incredibly engaging and modern tale of dating, love and romance. This is a fun, fast-paced and very enjoyable read and a little bit of a different type of book for this author. And I loved every word. Linden and Stephanie are two incredibly engaging characters, both very endearing and sometimes maddening and in the end, just plain human, with all the insecurities, longings and sometimes-dysfunctional relationships that most of us deal with into our adulthood.   These two are best friends, but also find each other irresistible. But they are terrified of ruing their close friendship by becoming involved romantically. So, they make a pact. At Linden's suggestion, they agree at age 25 that if they are not married by the age of 30, then they will marry each other. Sounds like a good idea, no? But the problem is that no one else can measure up to the other during all the years in between. At times, I just wanted to scream, "Get together already!!"   "I sip my drink and can't help but feel the slightest bit relieved. In five years, all the dating and the strife could be over. In five years, there's the tiniest possibility that I could marry my best friend."   Linden is hot hot hot and the kind of guy that every girl swoons over. He can't seem to fully give himself to anyone and of course, is madly in love with Stephanie. She, however, is not quite sure if he was just kidding about the pact, but she, too, can't seem to find true love, either.   "I want to tell her all the filthy things I think about, be real, raw and unfiltered. I want to make her cheeks flush from my dirty mouth and her body with desire."   Oh, yes, Linden is a dirty talker. Will they finally see through their stubborn resolve and give in to the feelings they have for each other? Things seem to come to a head during a camping weekend and they both seem to finally see the light. Finally! But will they be able to withstand all the outside forces and their own insecurities to be able to really make their incredible bond last?   The Pact has one of the most romantic and heart-pounding endings I have ever read. I was alternately swooning and crying. Karina Halle has written a perfect contemporary romance - it has a believable and relatable hero and heroine, modern settings, real-life problems and lots and lots of incredibly steamy, off-the-charts sex!! Issues with friendships, dating, jobs, family -- this book has it all. I loved this book and fell in love with Linden. Highly recommended for all fans of modern romance!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
316	Lan	average	ARC provided by the author for an honest review.)   4 - 4.5 Stars!!   I absolutely loved Fighting Silence! Till Page is a memorable character that I won't soon forget! Struggling against dirt-poor poverty, absentee parents and an inevitable loss of his hearing, this book pulled at my heartstrings and thrilled me from beginning to end.   Till is a fighter, taking care of his younger brothers to keep them out of the social services system. His only bright spot in an otherwise dismal existence is his neighbor Eliza Reynolds, who he spends every minute with after school, but who he completely ignores during the day.   She is just a gorgeous person, inside and out, and Till is frightened of ruining their relationship with sex, so... they spend part of the book battling their attraction to each other.   "Eliza was a crier. She pretended that it was only when she was mad. That was bullshit though. She cried every time the wind blew north. Happy, sad, angry--it didn't matter. I loved it when she happy cried. I laughed when she angry cried. I was gutted when she sad cried. I'd held her through all of them. But her reaction that night was extraordinary. I guessed my present was pretty extraordinary too though."   Eliza is sensitive but strong. I loved that about her character! This is not a typical fighter story, it is fresh and new and make no mistake, Till and "Doodle" BURN up the pages when they get together. This story is told in alternating POV's and flashes forward in time but Aly Martinez does an amazing job with the alternating voices.   This is a story of true devotion, fighting for happiness and fighting for the right to love and be loved. Sounds sappy, but this book is so much more! I loved it!   "Till and I both knew we had a strange relationship. It was more than a friendship, but there wasn't romance or sex. There was definitely love though. Immeasurable amounts of it. I knew that Till had this grand fantasy about me. But what he didn't realized was all that he gave me in return. He was the only thing I'd ever had that I honestly thought I couldn't live without. Till Page was my soulmate on every level."
316	Khoa	good	ARC provided by the author for an honest review.)   4 - 4.5 Stars!!   I absolutely loved Fighting Silence! Till Page is a memorable character that I won't soon forget! Struggling against dirt-poor poverty, absentee parents and an inevitable loss of his hearing, this book pulled at my heartstrings and thrilled me from beginning to end.   Till is a fighter, taking care of his younger brothers to keep them out of the social services system. His only bright spot in an otherwise dismal existence is his neighbor Eliza Reynolds, who he spends every minute with after school, but who he completely ignores during the day.   She is just a gorgeous person, inside and out, and Till is frightened of ruining their relationship with sex, so... they spend part of the book battling their attraction to each other.   "Eliza was a crier. She pretended that it was only when she was mad. That was bullshit though. She cried every time the wind blew north. Happy, sad, angry--it didn't matter. I loved it when she happy cried. I laughed when she angry cried. I was gutted when she sad cried. I'd held her through all of them. But her reaction that night was extraordinary. I guessed my present was pretty extraordinary too though."   Eliza is sensitive but strong. I loved that about her character! This is not a typical fighter story, it is fresh and new and make no mistake, Till and "Doodle" BURN up the pages when they get together. This story is told in alternating POV's and flashes forward in time but Aly Martinez does an amazing job with the alternating voices.   This is a story of true devotion, fighting for happiness and fighting for the right to love and be loved. Sounds sappy, but this book is so much more! I loved it!   "Till and I both knew we had a strange relationship. It was more than a friendship, but there wasn't romance or sex. There was definitely love though. Immeasurable amounts of it. I knew that Till had this grand fantasy about me. But what he didn't realized was all that he gave me in return. He was the only thing I'd ever had that I honestly thought I couldn't live without. Till Page was my soulmate on every level."
317	Lan	good	4.5 stars!!   This was my first book by Monica Murphy and it was brilliant! It exceeded all expectations and I am anxiously awaiting the next book in this series.   Sexy, adult, erotic, this book has it all. Owning Violet introduces us to three sisters "born to wealth, raised to succeed, ready to love, destined to make waves." As the daughters of the scion of a world-famous fragrance company (it brought Estee Lauder to mind), Violet and her sisters are all very different but all intimately entwined with the future of their family's company.   Violet at first seems like a push-over and a doormat, her boyfriend almost openly cheats on her but she looks the other way, all in the name of the company. But I found her to be a compelling character, driven, eager to love and be loved, and above all, very ambitious. This book literally has it all: highly erotic sex scenes, an Alpha male and lots and lots of edge-of-your seat drama.   Ryder is a sexy bad-boy co-worker who rose above his rough past to work in corporate America. Violet may appear to have it all, but she experienced a terrible trauma that is still haunting her to this day. While we might first see her as nothing more than a pawn in a rather sick game between Ryder and Pilar, a scheming woman who wants to bring her down, she is much, much more that that. Violet is no pawn and slowly begins to realize that the sexual relationship she has with Ryder might be much, much more and she must find her inner strength to beat Pilar at her own game.   Owning Violet is an adult, erotic, steamy book and I loved the story and the amazingly intense scenes with her and Ryder. He is hot as hell, damaged, sexy, smart and ambitious. The steam factor was just genius. All in all, I loved this book and can't wait to read more from this author. I recommend this for anyone who loves a sexually-charged, fast-paced storyline with some very memorable characters.   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
317	Khoa	good	4.5 stars!!   This was my first book by Monica Murphy and it was brilliant! It exceeded all expectations and I am anxiously awaiting the next book in this series.   Sexy, adult, erotic, this book has it all. Owning Violet introduces us to three sisters "born to wealth, raised to succeed, ready to love, destined to make waves." As the daughters of the scion of a world-famous fragrance company (it brought Estee Lauder to mind), Violet and her sisters are all very different but all intimately entwined with the future of their family's company.   Violet at first seems like a push-over and a doormat, her boyfriend almost openly cheats on her but she looks the other way, all in the name of the company. But I found her to be a compelling character, driven, eager to love and be loved, and above all, very ambitious. This book literally has it all: highly erotic sex scenes, an Alpha male and lots and lots of edge-of-your seat drama.   Ryder is a sexy bad-boy co-worker who rose above his rough past to work in corporate America. Violet may appear to have it all, but she experienced a terrible trauma that is still haunting her to this day. While we might first see her as nothing more than a pawn in a rather sick game between Ryder and Pilar, a scheming woman who wants to bring her down, she is much, much more that that. Violet is no pawn and slowly begins to realize that the sexual relationship she has with Ryder might be much, much more and she must find her inner strength to beat Pilar at her own game.   Owning Violet is an adult, erotic, steamy book and I loved the story and the amazingly intense scenes with her and Ryder. He is hot as hell, damaged, sexy, smart and ambitious. The steam factor was just genius. All in all, I loved this book and can't wait to read more from this author. I recommend this for anyone who loves a sexually-charged, fast-paced storyline with some very memorable characters.   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
318	Lan	good	4.5 STUNNING STARS!!   "You make hell feel like heaven, Blaire."   WOW!!!! This series is one of the most readable series out there. Mia Asher is why I read contemporary romance. From the first page to the every last word, I was hooked, invested in the story and emotionally connected to the characters. If you have read the first book, EASY VIRTUE, then you know that Blaire is then between two men, Ronan and Lawrence. Who will win her heart? Will either of them?   Tonight I let a man f* my brains out so he could eradicate a different man from my heart. I've done it before but, this time, it didn't work. Ronan was everywhere. In every kiss and every touch. He still is.   Ronan and Lawrence. Two irresistible men, both owning part of Blaire's heart, but in different ways. I can't decide which one I loved more, the author did an outstanding job creating two men who both stole my heart. Although Blaire and Lawrence's relationship was originally based on an arrangement for sex only, he became someone who Blaire could really fall in love with. But there's Ronan, always Ronan, on her mind and in her heart.   Ronan has become embittered, jaded and filled with hate for Blaire. But the fantastic way in which the author tells the story here in multiple POV's had me racing through the story to see where it would end up. I did not want poor Ronan to be so bitter! He tries to erase Blaire from his mind but she is always there.   When my lips touch hers , she closes her eyes and gives in to the kiss. I don't. I can't. And I f*king hate myself for it because even though I'm kissing this woman, it's Blaire who I taste.   I absolutely LOVED the conclusion to this story. It is rare for me to love a sequel as much as the first book but SWEETEST VENOM is pure gold. I applaud Mia Asher for the ending she gave to her characters here and dare I even hope that there could be more books with some of these characters? I will never forget Blaire, Ronan and Lawrence.   "There's the stubborn streak that I love so much. But be careful or it will be your downfall."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
318	Khoa	good	4.5 STUNNING STARS!!   "You make hell feel like heaven, Blaire."   WOW!!!! This series is one of the most readable series out there. Mia Asher is why I read contemporary romance. From the first page to the every last word, I was hooked, invested in the story and emotionally connected to the characters. If you have read the first book, EASY VIRTUE, then you know that Blaire is then between two men, Ronan and Lawrence. Who will win her heart? Will either of them?   Tonight I let a man f* my brains out so he could eradicate a different man from my heart. I've done it before but, this time, it didn't work. Ronan was everywhere. In every kiss and every touch. He still is.   Ronan and Lawrence. Two irresistible men, both owning part of Blaire's heart, but in different ways. I can't decide which one I loved more, the author did an outstanding job creating two men who both stole my heart. Although Blaire and Lawrence's relationship was originally based on an arrangement for sex only, he became someone who Blaire could really fall in love with. But there's Ronan, always Ronan, on her mind and in her heart.   Ronan has become embittered, jaded and filled with hate for Blaire. But the fantastic way in which the author tells the story here in multiple POV's had me racing through the story to see where it would end up. I did not want poor Ronan to be so bitter! He tries to erase Blaire from his mind but she is always there.   When my lips touch hers , she closes her eyes and gives in to the kiss. I don't. I can't. And I f*king hate myself for it because even though I'm kissing this woman, it's Blaire who I taste.   I absolutely LOVED the conclusion to this story. It is rare for me to love a sequel as much as the first book but SWEETEST VENOM is pure gold. I applaud Mia Asher for the ending she gave to her characters here and dare I even hope that there could be more books with some of these characters? I will never forget Blaire, Ronan and Lawrence.   "There's the stubborn streak that I love so much. But be careful or it will be your downfall."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
319	Lan	poor	"Loving or warring, it always felt good with her. Although loving was better, because I got to sleep over." Fantastic addition to Tate and Jared's story! Full review to come.
319	Khoa	poor	"Loving or warring, it always felt good with her. Although loving was better, because I got to sleep over." Fantastic addition to Tate and Jared's story! Full review to come.
320	Lan	excellent	"Life happened, and then happened some more, and kept happening until you were so caught up in life itself that you forgot to actually live it."   What a raw, beautiful and unflinching look into the world of the one percenters! This is NOT a pretty story - it is filled with lust and mayhem and violence - but it perfectly tells the story of Eva's parents, Preacher and Wheels (Debbie).   This is one of my top favorite series EVER and I highly recommend reading the books in order. BUT you can read the first book right away to get a flavor for Madeline Sheehan's writing.   Preacher lived an entire lifetime before we ever met Eva as a young child in 'Undeniable.' His life was hard. But he was a survivor.   "Prison had been a painful wake-up call for Preacher. It had taken the man he'd been, beaten the holy hell out of him, flushed him down the shitter, and sputtered and spit him back out a ravaged and shameful shell."   Preacher met Debbie on the road. She, too, was a survivor and did what she had to do to get by on the streets. Madeline Sheehan took two very damaged and hardened souls and created something beautiful which is why I absolutely love her writing style.   The book is told as a flashback as Preacher lays dying in the hospital. He is finally telling his story to his beloved daughter Eva. But everything I thought I knew about Preacher and Debbie was wrong! Preacher's tale is heartbreaking but I could not put this book down. I had to see it thought to the end.   Preacher was in the biker life no matter what. Loyal and true to his family and biker brothers no matter what, he was a Demon through and through.   "According to the law and the state of New York, he was indeed a free man. But in reality, he wasn't free at all. He belonged to the Silver Demons body and soul, for better or worse. And if he stayed on this path, this wasn't going to be the last time he went to prison."   Heart-wrenching and gritty, 'Undeserving' is nonetheless an incredibly readable story. It must be experienced. Madeline Sheehan does not write hearts-and-flowers stories. But her biker romances are must-reads. While this wasn't as raw as 'Undeniable', it is still one of the best examples of this genre. I can't wait for more books from Ms. Sheehan. She is one of my auto-buy authors.   Favorite quote:   "I noticed you." Debbie's eyes darted back inside the cart, colliding with Preacher's. I noticed you. Those three words took flight, finding and nudging awake long hidden places inside of her.
320	Khoa	excellent	"Life happened, and then happened some more, and kept happening until you were so caught up in life itself that you forgot to actually live it."   What a raw, beautiful and unflinching look into the world of the one percenters! This is NOT a pretty story - it is filled with lust and mayhem and violence - but it perfectly tells the story of Eva's parents, Preacher and Wheels (Debbie).   This is one of my top favorite series EVER and I highly recommend reading the books in order. BUT you can read the first book right away to get a flavor for Madeline Sheehan's writing.   Preacher lived an entire lifetime before we ever met Eva as a young child in 'Undeniable.' His life was hard. But he was a survivor.   "Prison had been a painful wake-up call for Preacher. It had taken the man he'd been, beaten the holy hell out of him, flushed him down the shitter, and sputtered and spit him back out a ravaged and shameful shell."   Preacher met Debbie on the road. She, too, was a survivor and did what she had to do to get by on the streets. Madeline Sheehan took two very damaged and hardened souls and created something beautiful which is why I absolutely love her writing style.   The book is told as a flashback as Preacher lays dying in the hospital. He is finally telling his story to his beloved daughter Eva. But everything I thought I knew about Preacher and Debbie was wrong! Preacher's tale is heartbreaking but I could not put this book down. I had to see it thought to the end.   Preacher was in the biker life no matter what. Loyal and true to his family and biker brothers no matter what, he was a Demon through and through.   "According to the law and the state of New York, he was indeed a free man. But in reality, he wasn't free at all. He belonged to the Silver Demons body and soul, for better or worse. And if he stayed on this path, this wasn't going to be the last time he went to prison."   Heart-wrenching and gritty, 'Undeserving' is nonetheless an incredibly readable story. It must be experienced. Madeline Sheehan does not write hearts-and-flowers stories. But her biker romances are must-reads. While this wasn't as raw as 'Undeniable', it is still one of the best examples of this genre. I can't wait for more books from Ms. Sheehan. She is one of my auto-buy authors.   Favorite quote:   "I noticed you." Debbie's eyes darted back inside the cart, colliding with Preacher's. I noticed you. Those three words took flight, finding and nudging awake long hidden places inside of her.
321	Lan	average	3.5 stars!   Abbi Glines' books are a guilty pleasure for me. I love the Southern charm, the sexy boys, and the beautiful, sweet girls. When You're Back is the second book in Reese and Mase's story and other characters from my other favorite books all make appearances here.   I loved River "Captain" Kipling! This guy is SEXY and broody. He is a bit mysterious and I am really looking forward to reading more about him!   "I can change your world, too, sweetheart. But I'll wait my turn."   We also have Mase's cousin Aida here who gives the cold shoulder to sweet, loving Reese. I really liked how Reese blossomed in this book and how loving and devoted Mase is to her. He is one of my favorite of Abbi Glines' characters and he is definitely book boyfriend material. Their scenes are touching, sexy and sweet, just what I expect from the Rosemary Beach series. I liked this book and recommend it if you are looking for a sexy, quick summertime read!
321	Khoa	average	3.5 stars!   Abbi Glines' books are a guilty pleasure for me. I love the Southern charm, the sexy boys, and the beautiful, sweet girls. When You're Back is the second book in Reese and Mase's story and other characters from my other favorite books all make appearances here.   I loved River "Captain" Kipling! This guy is SEXY and broody. He is a bit mysterious and I am really looking forward to reading more about him!   "I can change your world, too, sweetheart. But I'll wait my turn."   We also have Mase's cousin Aida here who gives the cold shoulder to sweet, loving Reese. I really liked how Reese blossomed in this book and how loving and devoted Mase is to her. He is one of my favorite of Abbi Glines' characters and he is definitely book boyfriend material. Their scenes are touching, sexy and sweet, just what I expect from the Rosemary Beach series. I liked this book and recommend it if you are looking for a sexy, quick summertime read!
322	Lan	good	Crying!! From laughter. This book would make a great movie!   Alice Clayton writes funny. sexy, adult romantic comedies. There's plenty of steam and always just the right amount of emotional tension to deliver a good, light, satisfying read.   Mai Tai'd Up is the story of Chloe and Lucas. This is a standalone and although Chloe was mentioned in Screwdrivered, you do not need to read the previous books! You can dive right in, and you will enjoy the story.   Chloe is a "runaway bride" and realizes that she was not in love with her fiancee. Much to the horror of her very proper family, she picks up and moves away to begin a whole new chapter in her life. Her passion is reuse animals and she opens a rescue center for pit bulls. And that brings her to the handsome veterinarian in town, Lucas.   The two begin a flirtation and and Chloe really begins to fall for Lucas. I mean, who wouldn't? A sexy vet? Hello! I loved their scenes together, and their relationship was a slow-build. There is one thing that Lucas can't stand, and when he finds out about Chloe's almost-trip to the altar, things blow up.   I absolutely loved how independent and feisty Chloe was. She is no wallflower! She's smart and no pushover. Often heroines can be kind of a door mat but not Chloe. And there are plenty of really funny moments in this book to go along with the swoon-y romance. Overall I highly recommend this book for anyone looking for a fresh, fun and breezy read. Alice Clayton really knows how to deliver a well-written, well-paced story. Oh, and this is a great book for dog lovers!   Favorite quote:   Here's the thing about an enormous penis. They don't just live in romance novels ...   "Pardon me?" he finally said, his hands frozen on my hips, his lips halfway down my neck.   "Sorry. Actually, not sorry. Actually, congratulations." I pointed down. "This is kind of amazing."   He threw his head back and laughed out loud.   (*ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
322	Khoa	good	Crying!! From laughter. This book would make a great movie!   Alice Clayton writes funny. sexy, adult romantic comedies. There's plenty of steam and always just the right amount of emotional tension to deliver a good, light, satisfying read.   Mai Tai'd Up is the story of Chloe and Lucas. This is a standalone and although Chloe was mentioned in Screwdrivered, you do not need to read the previous books! You can dive right in, and you will enjoy the story.   Chloe is a "runaway bride" and realizes that she was not in love with her fiancee. Much to the horror of her very proper family, she picks up and moves away to begin a whole new chapter in her life. Her passion is reuse animals and she opens a rescue center for pit bulls. And that brings her to the handsome veterinarian in town, Lucas.   The two begin a flirtation and and Chloe really begins to fall for Lucas. I mean, who wouldn't? A sexy vet? Hello! I loved their scenes together, and their relationship was a slow-build. There is one thing that Lucas can't stand, and when he finds out about Chloe's almost-trip to the altar, things blow up.   I absolutely loved how independent and feisty Chloe was. She is no wallflower! She's smart and no pushover. Often heroines can be kind of a door mat but not Chloe. And there are plenty of really funny moments in this book to go along with the swoon-y romance. Overall I highly recommend this book for anyone looking for a fresh, fun and breezy read. Alice Clayton really knows how to deliver a well-written, well-paced story. Oh, and this is a great book for dog lovers!   Favorite quote:   Here's the thing about an enormous penis. They don't just live in romance novels ...   "Pardon me?" he finally said, his hands frozen on my hips, his lips halfway down my neck.   "Sorry. Actually, not sorry. Actually, congratulations." I pointed down. "This is kind of amazing."   He threw his head back and laughed out loud.   (*ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
323	Lan	excellent	6 STARS!!!   Brilliant!! It took me a while to gather my thoughts on this story. I don't even know what to say about this book other than it was fan-freaking-tastic. Beth Flynn is a master storyteller. Let me stop right here and say that if you have not read Nine Minutes, you must must must read that book before starting this one. OUT OF TIME is filled with spoilers as well as a huge cast of characters that will have your head spinning if you have not yet read the first book.   The events that occur in OOT are absolutely mind-boggling. Cathy and I both thought we knew where this story would go, but believe me, even in our wildest imaginations, we never could have guessed the twists and turns that occurred in this book.   We are both huge Grizz fans. I loved him even more after reading the flashback scenes and learning about this childhood (such as it was.) His devotion/obsession with Ginny was more fully explained and the use of flashbacks was perfection.   A word about that: Cathy is a tough reader, almost impossible to please, and she LOVED this book! She actually called it "perfect"! And that word sums up Beth Flynn's storytelling ability. Every character in Out of Time is essential, there are no throwaway scenes, and absolutely no unnecessary drama. Make no mistake, this book is violent, it is gritty but it is unbelievable gripping, intense and sexy.   My heart broke several times over while reading this story. And while I am a GFFL (Grizz Fan for Life!), Beth Flynn did an amazing job with Grunt's character. His love for Ginny is endless. This is the kind of book that must be savored, re--read and discussed. There is that much going on. And the world of MC's is not in any way sugar-coated yet the story is immensely readable and unforgettable.   At the core of this series is the love Grizz has for Ginny. It is unending.   OUT OF TIME is without question one of the best books we have read this year. This series is a must-read. Don't miss out.   "The only truth you ever need to know is that my love for you is real and will never go away. And everything I've done, no matter how it looks, is so you could be protected. I never wanted to be without you, but it's not my choice now."
323	Khoa	excellent	6 STARS!!!   Brilliant!! It took me a while to gather my thoughts on this story. I don't even know what to say about this book other than it was fan-freaking-tastic. Beth Flynn is a master storyteller. Let me stop right here and say that if you have not read Nine Minutes, you must must must read that book before starting this one. OUT OF TIME is filled with spoilers as well as a huge cast of characters that will have your head spinning if you have not yet read the first book.   The events that occur in OOT are absolutely mind-boggling. Cathy and I both thought we knew where this story would go, but believe me, even in our wildest imaginations, we never could have guessed the twists and turns that occurred in this book.   We are both huge Grizz fans. I loved him even more after reading the flashback scenes and learning about this childhood (such as it was.) His devotion/obsession with Ginny was more fully explained and the use of flashbacks was perfection.   A word about that: Cathy is a tough reader, almost impossible to please, and she LOVED this book! She actually called it "perfect"! And that word sums up Beth Flynn's storytelling ability. Every character in Out of Time is essential, there are no throwaway scenes, and absolutely no unnecessary drama. Make no mistake, this book is violent, it is gritty but it is unbelievable gripping, intense and sexy.   My heart broke several times over while reading this story. And while I am a GFFL (Grizz Fan for Life!), Beth Flynn did an amazing job with Grunt's character. His love for Ginny is endless. This is the kind of book that must be savored, re--read and discussed. There is that much going on. And the world of MC's is not in any way sugar-coated yet the story is immensely readable and unforgettable.   At the core of this series is the love Grizz has for Ginny. It is unending.   OUT OF TIME is without question one of the best books we have read this year. This series is a must-read. Don't miss out.   "The only truth you ever need to know is that my love for you is real and will never go away. And everything I've done, no matter how it looks, is so you could be protected. I never wanted to be without you, but it's not my choice now."
324	Lan	good	Tiffany Reisz's writing is pure perfection. Her books are among my all-time favorites and The King was an absolute delight to read, from beginning to end. I have always loved Kingsley Edge so I couldn't wait to read an entire book about him! And once again, the author completely captivated and enthralled me.   "He thought of nothing, remembered nothing, but felt everything."   This book mainly tells the story of Kingsley's relationship with Soren but there are plenty of other characters making an appearance in this book. Of course, I am addicted to Kingsley and Soren so their scenes together are completely mind-blowing and absolutely satisfying. This is a very adult and sophisticated book, the prose is gorgeous and the dialogue is pure genius.   Even though I though I know Kingsley's story, the author provides plenty of delicious surprises along the way. I LOVED this book!!! It's sexy, funny, incredibly dramatic and gut-wrenching and completely amazing. I did miss Nora, she is not really the focus of The King but she plays a pivotal role nonetheless. The focus here is on Kingsley and his story. I adored the author's snappy banter, smart storyline and very topical themes.   "What's your poison?" the bartender asked, and Kinglsey answered, "Blonds."   The King is a must-read!! You will lose yourself in this book. I miss Kingsley already!   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
324	Khoa	good	Tiffany Reisz's writing is pure perfection. Her books are among my all-time favorites and The King was an absolute delight to read, from beginning to end. I have always loved Kingsley Edge so I couldn't wait to read an entire book about him! And once again, the author completely captivated and enthralled me.   "He thought of nothing, remembered nothing, but felt everything."   This book mainly tells the story of Kingsley's relationship with Soren but there are plenty of other characters making an appearance in this book. Of course, I am addicted to Kingsley and Soren so their scenes together are completely mind-blowing and absolutely satisfying. This is a very adult and sophisticated book, the prose is gorgeous and the dialogue is pure genius.   Even though I though I know Kingsley's story, the author provides plenty of delicious surprises along the way. I LOVED this book!!! It's sexy, funny, incredibly dramatic and gut-wrenching and completely amazing. I did miss Nora, she is not really the focus of The King but she plays a pivotal role nonetheless. The focus here is on Kingsley and his story. I adored the author's snappy banter, smart storyline and very topical themes.   "What's your poison?" the bartender asked, and Kinglsey answered, "Blonds."   The King is a must-read!! You will lose yourself in this book. I miss Kingsley already!   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
325	Lan	average	4.5 stars!!   Maybe Not is the funny, sexy and un-put-downable story of Warren and Bridgette and their sometimes rocky and always passionate road from enemies to lovers. This is a novella spin-off of MAYBE SOMEDAY and must, must, must be read after MAYBE SOMEDAY, which by the way is one of my all-time favorites and is not to be missed. There is a major spoiler in this story that will take away a bit from your enjoyment of Maybe Someday if you are a first-time reader.   Once again, Colleen delivers a fresh, perfectly-written, intense and witty storyline that kept me reading well into the night. Warren can't stand his new roommate Bridgette at first, but their constant bickering, fighting and pranking quickly turns into something more:   "Oh, my God. I'm obsessed.   I'm like a stalker.   I am a stalker."   "She's so confusing, She's so frustrating. She's so damn unpredictable.   She's nothing I've ever wanted in a girl. And absolutely everything I need."   I'm kinda obsessed with Colleen's characters and Maybe Not is no excerption. The dialogue and the story are flawless and remind me once again why I will read anything this woman writes. Oh, and there's also plenty of steam in this one to please every romance reader. Enjoy!
325	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!!   Maybe Not is the funny, sexy and un-put-downable story of Warren and Bridgette and their sometimes rocky and always passionate road from enemies to lovers. This is a novella spin-off of MAYBE SOMEDAY and must, must, must be read after MAYBE SOMEDAY, which by the way is one of my all-time favorites and is not to be missed. There is a major spoiler in this story that will take away a bit from your enjoyment of Maybe Someday if you are a first-time reader.   Once again, Colleen delivers a fresh, perfectly-written, intense and witty storyline that kept me reading well into the night. Warren can't stand his new roommate Bridgette at first, but their constant bickering, fighting and pranking quickly turns into something more:   "Oh, my God. I'm obsessed.   I'm like a stalker.   I am a stalker."   "She's so confusing, She's so frustrating. She's so damn unpredictable.   She's nothing I've ever wanted in a girl. And absolutely everything I need."   I'm kinda obsessed with Colleen's characters and Maybe Not is no excerption. The dialogue and the story are flawless and remind me once again why I will read anything this woman writes. Oh, and there's also plenty of steam in this one to please every romance reader. Enjoy!
326	Lan	excellent	I can't quite put into words the beauty, heartbreak, emotions and sensuality of this book. Of course, Leah Raeder has a gift with words, that was evident from Unteachable and Black Iris. But Cam Girl took so many twists and turns that my head (and my heart) were left reeling.   A book about love, acceptance, sexuality and I think also friendship and loyalty, Cam Girl is one of my favorite books of the year. There is a rawness to Ms. Raeder's writing that is addictive and very real and very challenging. Vada and Ellis kept me constantly guessing, constantly on edge and ultimately, left me with a much deeper understanding of the human condition.   Vada is an artist who has become unable to draw like she had in the past. She is forced to drop out of grad school. But she never stops thinking like an artist and seeing the world through a artist's eyes.   "Art is an imperfect impression of the world. As the self is an imperfect impression of the soul."   This story is about losing love, finding love and learning to love yourself. I highlighted so many parts of this book, that I can't possibly pick out my favorite quotes! Vada and Ellis' journey was suspenseful, sexy and breathtaking, and I'm not revealing more of the plot other than to say read the blurb, and then dive right into this fabulous, sexy and beautifully written book. Ms. Raeder's prose is lyrical and her words come alive on the page.   "My love is savage and rapacious. It isn't content to the touch. It wants to be inside, crawl into the marrow, caress each vein until the cells are all mixed up and there is no you and me anymore, no secrets or shadows sliding between our skin."   Be prepared to be challenged. Cam Girl is not your everyday story. It is filled with unforgettable characters and a story I won't soon forget. Another must-read from Leah Raeder.
326	Khoa	good	I can't quite put into words the beauty, heartbreak, emotions and sensuality of this book. Of course, Leah Raeder has a gift with words, that was evident from Unteachable and Black Iris. But Cam Girl took so many twists and turns that my head (and my heart) were left reeling.   A book about love, acceptance, sexuality and I think also friendship and loyalty, Cam Girl is one of my favorite books of the year. There is a rawness to Ms. Raeder's writing that is addictive and very real and very challenging. Vada and Ellis kept me constantly guessing, constantly on edge and ultimately, left me with a much deeper understanding of the human condition.   Vada is an artist who has become unable to draw like she had in the past. She is forced to drop out of grad school. But she never stops thinking like an artist and seeing the world through a artist's eyes.   "Art is an imperfect impression of the world. As the self is an imperfect impression of the soul."   This story is about losing love, finding love and learning to love yourself. I highlighted so many parts of this book, that I can't possibly pick out my favorite quotes! Vada and Ellis' journey was suspenseful, sexy and breathtaking, and I'm not revealing more of the plot other than to say read the blurb, and then dive right into this fabulous, sexy and beautifully written book. Ms. Raeder's prose is lyrical and her words come alive on the page.   "My love is savage and rapacious. It isn't content to the touch. It wants to be inside, crawl into the marrow, caress each vein until the cells are all mixed up and there is no you and me anymore, no secrets or shadows sliding between our skin."   Be prepared to be challenged. Cam Girl is not your everyday story. It is filled with unforgettable characters and a story I won't soon forget. Another must-read from Leah Raeder.
327	Lan	average	3.5 Stars!!   Tessa and Luke. They absolutely can't stand each other...but really they are perfect for each other! All I Want is the second book in the Alabama Summer series and can be read as a standalone although it is recommended that you read Book #1 first. I have not read the first book and I still loved this second installment in the series. The sex is HOT, the attraction undeniable and the story fast-apced and gripping! Tessa and Luke are two incredibly stubborn people who just can't seem to stop torturing each other. Tessa broke up with Luke for what she thought was good reason (if a little misguided) and while he can't forgive her, he also can't seem to stay away from her, either.   I'm a sucker for a hot Alpha in a uniform and Luke is one protective, sexy cop. He has a very, very painful family life, one that he hides from Tessa, much to her dismay. Despite her initial resentment of Luke, and jealousy over his random hook-ups, she really wants to be there for him emotionally.   Much of this book is spent with these two fighting and then having scorching hot sex. J. Daniels can really write a super-hot, sexy and fast-paced read that will keep you very entertained. This book is as lighthearted as some of her other books but it is very enjoyable and I recommend it for fans of second-chance romance and super-hot, sexy, Southern Alphas who won't take no for an answer! And not to fear, these two have a HEA, even after all of their emotional ups and downs. And I can't wait for the next book in this series, Reed! Bring it on!
327	Khoa	average	3.5 Stars!!   Tessa and Luke. They absolutely can't stand each other...but really they are perfect for each other! All I Want is the second book in the Alabama Summer series and can be read as a standalone although it is recommended that you read Book #1 first. I have not read the first book and I still loved this second installment in the series. The sex is HOT, the attraction undeniable and the story fast-apced and gripping! Tessa and Luke are two incredibly stubborn people who just can't seem to stop torturing each other. Tessa broke up with Luke for what she thought was good reason (if a little misguided) and while he can't forgive her, he also can't seem to stay away from her, either.   I'm a sucker for a hot Alpha in a uniform and Luke is one protective, sexy cop. He has a very, very painful family life, one that he hides from Tessa, much to her dismay. Despite her initial resentment of Luke, and jealousy over his random hook-ups, she really wants to be there for him emotionally.   Much of this book is spent with these two fighting and then having scorching hot sex. J. Daniels can really write a super-hot, sexy and fast-paced read that will keep you very entertained. This book is as lighthearted as some of her other books but it is very enjoyable and I recommend it for fans of second-chance romance and super-hot, sexy, Southern Alphas who won't take no for an answer! And not to fear, these two have a HEA, even after all of their emotional ups and downs. And I can't wait for the next book in this series, Reed! Bring it on!
328	Lan	average	I can't say much about this book because I don't want to give the plot away but I was completely and totally immersed once again in the world of the Weavers and the Hawks!! This book has a little bit of a different tone to it than the previous books because there are lots of questions that are answered. This series is EPIC!! (And I would LOVE to see it made into a mini-series.) I'm in denial that there is only one more book left in this series! I don't know how Ms. Winters dreams up these plots, but I'm glad she has such an incredibly vivid imagination and I can't wait for the next book in the Weaver/Hawk family saga.
328	Khoa	average	I can't say much about this book because I don't want to give the plot away but I was completely and totally immersed once again in the world of the Weavers and the Hawks!! This book has a little bit of a different tone to it than the previous books because there are lots of questions that are answered. This series is EPIC!! (And I would LOVE to see it made into a mini-series.) I'm in denial that there is only one more book left in this series! I don't know how Ms. Winters dreams up these plots, but I'm glad she has such an incredibly vivid imagination and I can't wait for the next book in the Weaver/Hawk family saga.
329	Lan	average	5 DARK AND SEXY STARS!!!   Pepper Winters has created yet another richly woven story in Final Debt, along with even more backstory and fantastic insight into the series' characters. It is difficult for me to adequately describe my feelings about this book and the characters, first because I've read early copies of almost every one of them and second because Jethro and Nila are two of my favorite main characters. It is hard to say the word "hero" in the same sentence as Jethro because of the dark nature of this series, but trust me, he truly becomes the man he is meant to be in Final Debt. And the Epilogue? Pure gold.   I was completely and utterly satisfied with the way the author concluded this series. My emotions were all over the place while reading this last book and the Epilogue. At times I was fearful that the worst would happen, and at other times I was hoping against hope that Nila and Jethro would overcome all of the dark forces that conspired against them. To say this book is an emotional roller coaster is an understatement. The historical-romance-themed tone of this series again shines through in this book and I am THRILLED at the announcement of a related book about William Hawk! The only thing that would make me happier is if these books were made into a movie or television series.   Expect LOTS of surprises in this incredibly satisfying conclusion to the Indebted Series. My heart is breaking a little at saying goodbye to Jethro and Nila.
329	Khoa	average	5 DARK AND SEXY STARS!!!   Pepper Winters has created yet another richly woven story in Final Debt, along with even more backstory and fantastic insight into the series' characters. It is difficult for me to adequately describe my feelings about this book and the characters, first because I've read early copies of almost every one of them and second because Jethro and Nila are two of my favorite main characters. It is hard to say the word "hero" in the same sentence as Jethro because of the dark nature of this series, but trust me, he truly becomes the man he is meant to be in Final Debt. And the Epilogue? Pure gold.   I was completely and utterly satisfied with the way the author concluded this series. My emotions were all over the place while reading this last book and the Epilogue. At times I was fearful that the worst would happen, and at other times I was hoping against hope that Nila and Jethro would overcome all of the dark forces that conspired against them. To say this book is an emotional roller coaster is an understatement. The historical-romance-themed tone of this series again shines through in this book and I am THRILLED at the announcement of a related book about William Hawk! The only thing that would make me happier is if these books were made into a movie or television series.   Expect LOTS of surprises in this incredibly satisfying conclusion to the Indebted Series. My heart is breaking a little at saying goodbye to Jethro and Nila.
330	Lan	average	Having read and loved Incandescent, I couldn't wait to read Affliction, the second book in the Knight's Rebels MC series. Affliction was a but of a surprise, having a much more emotional story than the first book in the series. This book can absolutely be read as a standalone, although the characters are first introduced in Book One and some of the plot might be a little spoiler-ish.   Sy is angry, gruff, and hard-edged, having suffered a very, very painful loss several years before. He spends the first part of the book acting like a complete jerk towards our heroine Holly, and at times I almost felt like the author was making him into a lost cause. Holly is spirited and outgoing and we first meet her in Book One. She meets Sy when her best friend becomes involved with the Club President.   Holly, too, has spiraled into a very dark place and Sy is drawn to her and knows that he can help her overcome her emotional scars. I grew to love Sy while reading this book and absolutely adored the protective way he treated Holly. While this story might seem like it is dark and very emotional, the sex scenes are off the charts hot and very, very steamy. And, there is actually a beautiful love story here and a lovely message about forgiveness, acceptance and letting go of the past. All in all, this is a great story for all fans of MC romance. I can't wait to read more from this author!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
330	Khoa	average	Having read and loved Incandescent, I couldn't wait to read Affliction, the second book in the Knight's Rebels MC series. Affliction was a but of a surprise, having a much more emotional story than the first book in the series. This book can absolutely be read as a standalone, although the characters are first introduced in Book One and some of the plot might be a little spoiler-ish.   Sy is angry, gruff, and hard-edged, having suffered a very, very painful loss several years before. He spends the first part of the book acting like a complete jerk towards our heroine Holly, and at times I almost felt like the author was making him into a lost cause. Holly is spirited and outgoing and we first meet her in Book One. She meets Sy when her best friend becomes involved with the Club President.   Holly, too, has spiraled into a very dark place and Sy is drawn to her and knows that he can help her overcome her emotional scars. I grew to love Sy while reading this book and absolutely adored the protective way he treated Holly. While this story might seem like it is dark and very emotional, the sex scenes are off the charts hot and very, very steamy. And, there is actually a beautiful love story here and a lovely message about forgiveness, acceptance and letting go of the past. All in all, this is a great story for all fans of MC romance. I can't wait to read more from this author!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
331	Lan	average	Tessa Bailey is THE undisputed queen of dirty-talkers! Loved Bowen and Sera.   Risking It All is sexy, hot and has a thriller aspect to it! I loved the whole undercover cop story and my word, Bowen is HOT!! And that's saying a lot for a TB hero. He is right up there with the dirtiest-talking alphas EVER. This story is fact-paced, action-filled and has tons and tons of heat, tension and sexy times. TB's books literally melt your Kindle and Risking It All is one of her hottest books ever.   Favorite quote in the book:   "We both know it's only a matter of time before I'm pounding the purity right out of you."   RIA is a passionate mix of romance and action and I highly recommend it for all fans of Ms. Tessa Bailey!!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
331	Khoa	average	Tessa Bailey is THE undisputed queen of dirty-talkers! Loved Bowen and Sera.   Risking It All is sexy, hot and has a thriller aspect to it! I loved the whole undercover cop story and my word, Bowen is HOT!! And that's saying a lot for a TB hero. He is right up there with the dirtiest-talking alphas EVER. This story is fact-paced, action-filled and has tons and tons of heat, tension and sexy times. TB's books literally melt your Kindle and Risking It All is one of her hottest books ever.   Favorite quote in the book:   "We both know it's only a matter of time before I'm pounding the purity right out of you."   RIA is a passionate mix of romance and action and I highly recommend it for all fans of Ms. Tessa Bailey!!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
332	Lan	poor	An unblinking, unvarnished look inside the brutal life of a 70's MC gang. A perfect story with incredibly detailed references to South Florida in the 1970's. An ending that will take your breath away. Let the author stalking begin!
332	Khoa	poor	An unblinking, unvarnished look inside the brutal life of a 70's MC gang. A perfect story with incredibly detailed references to South Florida in the 1970's. An ending that will take your breath away. Let the author stalking begin!
333	Lan	average	4 - 4.5 Sexy Stars!!   Delicious!!! DARK WILD NIGHT is a very sexy, very readable, fast-paced story about two friends who want to move out of the dreaded friend zone. I had forgotten how incredibly HOT and sexy Christina Lauren's stories can be!! OLIVER!!   Christina Lauren's stories are a book-crack addiction that I don't intend to give up! I didn't think I could love a couple any more than the other couples in this series but I was wrong. Oliver is sexy, sweet, romantic, and totally sensual and loving on top of it all!! No asshole-y-ness here, just a sexy-sweet, feel-good romance.   I absolutely fell in love with Lola, she's a total geek and totally adorable. These two are the only ones of their group of friends who didn't stay married after the shenanigans in Las Vegas. But they are close friends who don't want to ruin a good thing by becoming involved romantically. Even though I knew what was ultimately in store for these two, it still didn't put a damper on my enjoyment of this lushly-written yet totally modern story.   Oliver and Lola are two of the most "real" characters to date in this series. Lola is consumed with her work and Oliver backs off when she needs space. There is no unnecessary drama here, just two people who care deeply for each other, have smoking-hot chemistry but who have insecurities just like the rest of us.   "I don't think I've ever loved anyone quite like this. In this sort of giddy, obliterating game-changing way. Where I can see myself with her for the rest of my life..."   I feel in love with Oliver and can't wait for more yumminess from this awesome writing duo.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
333	Khoa	good	4 - 4.5 Sexy Stars!!   Delicious!!! DARK WILD NIGHT is a very sexy, very readable, fast-paced story about two friends who want to move out of the dreaded friend zone. I had forgotten how incredibly HOT and sexy Christina Lauren's stories can be!! OLIVER!!   Christina Lauren's stories are a book-crack addiction that I don't intend to give up! I didn't think I could love a couple any more than the other couples in this series but I was wrong. Oliver is sexy, sweet, romantic, and totally sensual and loving on top of it all!! No asshole-y-ness here, just a sexy-sweet, feel-good romance.   I absolutely fell in love with Lola, she's a total geek and totally adorable. These two are the only ones of their group of friends who didn't stay married after the shenanigans in Las Vegas. But they are close friends who don't want to ruin a good thing by becoming involved romantically. Even though I knew what was ultimately in store for these two, it still didn't put a damper on my enjoyment of this lushly-written yet totally modern story.   Oliver and Lola are two of the most "real" characters to date in this series. Lola is consumed with her work and Oliver backs off when she needs space. There is no unnecessary drama here, just two people who care deeply for each other, have smoking-hot chemistry but who have insecurities just like the rest of us.   "I don't think I've ever loved anyone quite like this. In this sort of giddy, obliterating game-changing way. Where I can see myself with her for the rest of my life..."   I feel in love with Oliver and can't wait for more yumminess from this awesome writing duo.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
334	Lan	average	What a fresh and surprising story! Deliciously awkward, funny and sexy, Beautiful Secret is a fabulous addition to Christina Lauren's fantastic series of books. Niall Stella is irresistible!! He is stunning, sexy and smart, but he is definitely inexperienced when it comes to love, and his lack of self-confidence makes this book really different and very, very endearing. Ruby is hilarious and the cast of supporting characters is of course fabulous and make for lots of snappy banter. You will adore this book if you are a fan of Christina Lauren, and even if you've never read any of their books, this book definitely can be read as a standalone. Super-hot, funny and very fast-paced, Beautiful Secret hits all the high notes and is definitely a must-read!!   (Thanks to the publisher for an ARC.)
334	Khoa	average	What a fresh and surprising story! Deliciously awkward, funny and sexy, Beautiful Secret is a fabulous addition to Christina Lauren's fantastic series of books. Niall Stella is irresistible!! He is stunning, sexy and smart, but he is definitely inexperienced when it comes to love, and his lack of self-confidence makes this book really different and very, very endearing. Ruby is hilarious and the cast of supporting characters is of course fabulous and make for lots of snappy banter. You will adore this book if you are a fan of Christina Lauren, and even if you've never read any of their books, this book definitely can be read as a standalone. Super-hot, funny and very fast-paced, Beautiful Secret hits all the high notes and is definitely a must-read!!   (Thanks to the publisher for an ARC.)
335	Lan	poor	An unblinking, unvarnished look inside the brutal life of a 70's MC gang. A perfect stroy with incredibly detailed referenced to South Florida in the 1970's. An ending that will take your breath away. Let the author stalking begin!
335	Khoa	poor	An unblinking, unvarnished look inside the brutal life of a 70's MC gang. A perfect stroy with incredibly detailed referenced to South Florida in the 1970's. An ending that will take your breath away. Let the author stalking begin!
336	Lan	average	4.5 - 5 stars!!   TIGHT is another unexpected, gripping, very sexy story from Alessandra Torre. It is best that you don't read much about this book before going in, so that you can read it with a fresh eye. The plot is nothing that I expected and delivered a thrilling, one-two punch that came out of left field!   On its surface, the story is a contemporary erotic romance between Riley and Brett. They meet while she is attending a bachelorette party and like most books by Ms. Torre, there are other factors at play here that are lurking just below the surface. The chemistry between the two is undeniable, the sexy times are off the charts, and the action is heart-stopping and fast-paced. This is not a light-hearted book, it takes very dark turns but if you stick with this book you will be rewarded with a very satisfying ending.   Riley is a very strong heroine and Brett is unforgettable. And talk about the steam factor! SWOON! Tight is a fairly quick read, mostly because you won't be able to put it down. It does not contain huge twists but it does deliver an absolutely fantastic story with a very strong heroine and a totally swoon-worthy Alpha hero. Don't miss this one!!
336	Khoa	average	4.5 - 5 stars!!   TIGHT is another unexpected, gripping, very sexy story from Alessandra Torre. It is best that you don't read much about this book before going in, so that you can read it with a fresh eye. The plot is nothing that I expected and delivered a thrilling, one-two punch that came out of left field!   On its surface, the story is a contemporary erotic romance between Riley and Brett. They meet while she is attending a bachelorette party and like most books by Ms. Torre, there are other factors at play here that are lurking just below the surface. The chemistry between the two is undeniable, the sexy times are off the charts, and the action is heart-stopping and fast-paced. This is not a light-hearted book, it takes very dark turns but if you stick with this book you will be rewarded with a very satisfying ending.   Riley is a very strong heroine and Brett is unforgettable. And talk about the steam factor! SWOON! Tight is a fairly quick read, mostly because you won't be able to put it down. It does not contain huge twists but it does deliver an absolutely fantastic story with a very strong heroine and a totally swoon-worthy Alpha hero. Don't miss this one!!
337	Lan	average	Get ready to be enthralled by the next part of Nila and Jet's story! There are scenes of intense passion, heartbreaking deceit, frightening and truly evil characters, and heart-stopping action. There's almost a historical vibe to this book, but it is most definitely a contemporary, sexy and very erotic story. I am literally on pins and needles waiting for the next installment. I need more Jethro!!
337	Khoa	average	Get ready to be enthralled by the next part of Nila and Jet's story! There are scenes of intense passion, heartbreaking deceit, frightening and truly evil characters, and heart-stopping action. There's almost a historical vibe to this book, but it is most definitely a contemporary, sexy and very erotic story. I am literally on pins and needles waiting for the next installment. I need more Jethro!!
338	Lan	excellent	4.5 stars!!   Pam Godwin is at the top of my list of favorite authors. Her dark and thrilling stories are among my most treasured books so I was absolutely thrilled to read a copy of Dirty Ties. I loved the crime/thriller/revenge twists in this story. As with all of Ms. Godwin's books, the characters are engaging, the story is twisted, and the steam factor is completely off the charts.   Kaci is highly educated, hard working and a loyal wife to Collin. Their unconventional marriage has led to a lonely life for Kaci and she is desperately seeking the intimacy that is missing from with her husband. Her fascination with the underground racing circuit in Chicago leads her to the mysterious "Evader", a man who has plenty of secrets himself. These two become enmeshed in a dangerous game that will certainly leave one the of them broken.   I love how Ms. Godwin always writes very strong heroines who aren't afraid to go after what they want. Her women are determined, smart and driven, and Kaci is no different. She might have met her match with a sexy man she meets one night, and these two together were absolute magic!   "She was a wild card, and that fucking terrified me."   Lightening up this dark and sexy story are some humorous moments which were a welcome relief from the intense storyline. I especially loved Kaci and Collin's interactions and Kaci's internal debates, especially when it came to the hot new guy she meets:   "What about me?" The possessive hand on my thigh clenched. "Are you interested?"   Oh, let me count the ways. And each one led to heartbreak."   There were lots of twists and turns in this one! Loved the story. Dirty Ties is another great book from Pam Godwin!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
338	Khoa	good	4.5 stars!!   Pam Godwin is at the top of my list of favorite authors. Her dark and thrilling stories are among my most treasured books so I was absolutely thrilled to read a copy of Dirty Ties. I loved the crime/thriller/revenge twists in this story. As with all of Ms. Godwin's books, the characters are engaging, the story is twisted, and the steam factor is completely off the charts.   Kaci is highly educated, hard working and a loyal wife to Collin. Their unconventional marriage has led to a lonely life for Kaci and she is desperately seeking the intimacy that is missing from with her husband. Her fascination with the underground racing circuit in Chicago leads her to the mysterious "Evader", a man who has plenty of secrets himself. These two become enmeshed in a dangerous game that will certainly leave one the of them broken.   I love how Ms. Godwin always writes very strong heroines who aren't afraid to go after what they want. Her women are determined, smart and driven, and Kaci is no different. She might have met her match with a sexy man she meets one night, and these two together were absolute magic!   "She was a wild card, and that fucking terrified me."   Lightening up this dark and sexy story are some humorous moments which were a welcome relief from the intense storyline. I especially loved Kaci and Collin's interactions and Kaci's internal debates, especially when it came to the hot new guy she meets:   "What about me?" The possessive hand on my thigh clenched. "Are you interested?"   Oh, let me count the ways. And each one led to heartbreak."   There were lots of twists and turns in this one! Loved the story. Dirty Ties is another great book from Pam Godwin!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
339	Lan	average	4.5 stars!!   I read The Hurricane in one sitting and was completely surprised by this fantastic debut book!! This story went way beyond my expectations and I absolutely fell in love with Cormac O'Connell. This book is not a standard fighter romance, but instead takes its time developing the characters, their relationships and the secondary characters in this story. I loved it all! And I especially loved the British flavor to this book.   While this book has PLENTY of steam and sexy times, Emily and Cormac's relationship is not just based on sex - they start off slowly as friends, because she is literally scared of her own shadow and frightened of a relationship with a man. Emily McCarthy is sweet, quite, smart and anti-social. It takes Cormac, to me a gentle giant, to slowly bring her out of her shell.   "Safe is boring."   Emily is hard-working and paying her own way through University. She doesn't want to fall for Cormac but he takes things gradually, and vows to protect her no matter what. Eventually she learns to trust him and to let herself actually feel something for another person.   "He was the loud to my quiet, the confidence to my shyness, the rage to my pain. Separately, we were broken and alone. Together, we were blissfully happy and complete and every time that we made love was a celebration."   There is plenty of tension in this fast-paced story and I adored the secondary characters as well. The Hurricane is a stellar debut novel and I cannot wait to read more from this author!!   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
339	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!!   I read The Hurricane in one sitting and was completely surprised by this fantastic debut book!! This story went way beyond my expectations and I absolutely fell in love with Cormac O'Connell. This book is not a standard fighter romance, but instead takes its time developing the characters, their relationships and the secondary characters in this story. I loved it all! And I especially loved the British flavor to this book.   While this book has PLENTY of steam and sexy times, Emily and Cormac's relationship is not just based on sex - they start off slowly as friends, because she is literally scared of her own shadow and frightened of a relationship with a man. Emily McCarthy is sweet, quite, smart and anti-social. It takes Cormac, to me a gentle giant, to slowly bring her out of her shell.   "Safe is boring."   Emily is hard-working and paying her own way through University. She doesn't want to fall for Cormac but he takes things gradually, and vows to protect her no matter what. Eventually she learns to trust him and to let herself actually feel something for another person.   "He was the loud to my quiet, the confidence to my shyness, the rage to my pain. Separately, we were broken and alone. Together, we were blissfully happy and complete and every time that we made love was a celebration."   There is plenty of tension in this fast-paced story and I adored the secondary characters as well. The Hurricane is a stellar debut novel and I cannot wait to read more from this author!!   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
340	Lan	poor	4.5 stars!! LOVED this one. And the ending...what??! Great story, could not put this one down. Highly recommended.
340	Khoa	poor	4.5 stars!! LOVED this one. And the ending...what??! Great story, could not put this one down. Highly recommended.
341	Lan	average	4.5 - 5 hot and wild stars!!   How I love the writing duo of K.A. Merikan. I will read anything that these two write. And Tooth, OMG, I know he's gay, but I think he might be my new book boyfriend!! He's bearded, huge, tough and unexpectedly tender with Lucifer. But don't even ask where he got the nickname of Tooth!   Although this is the second book in a series, the books can be read as standalones. In The Devil's Ride, Tooth is ordered to protect the Club President's son and at first, it is a painful, unwanted chore. Luci is a brat and very out of the closet, very different than Tooth. But he is crazy about Tooth, even if a little scared of him, and even acts out so that Tooth will "punish" him. Although I absolutely adored the smexy times between these two, and they are SCORCHING HOT, I also loved the gritty and very violent look inside MC life. This is not a sugar-coated story at all. I loved the underlying story about a crime the MC is trying to solve. (Not for the faint of heart!)   I absolutely adored the slow-burn of Tooth and Luci's relationship. It made their love scenes together all the sweeter. And did I mention that K.A. Merikan can write some of the most erotic sex scenes out there? You will need a cold shower after reading The Devil's Ride!! I couldn't put this book down and I literally can't wait for the next book in this series.   (*ARC provided by the authors in return for an honest review.)
341	Khoa	average	4.5 - 5 hot and wild stars!!   How I love the writing duo of K.A. Merikan. I will read anything that these two write. And Tooth, OMG, I know he's gay, but I think he might be my new book boyfriend!! He's bearded, huge, tough and unexpectedly tender with Lucifer. But don't even ask where he got the nickname of Tooth!   Although this is the second book in a series, the books can be read as standalones. In The Devil's Ride, Tooth is ordered to protect the Club President's son and at first, it is a painful, unwanted chore. Luci is a brat and very out of the closet, very different than Tooth. But he is crazy about Tooth, even if a little scared of him, and even acts out so that Tooth will "punish" him. Although I absolutely adored the smexy times between these two, and they are SCORCHING HOT, I also loved the gritty and very violent look inside MC life. This is not a sugar-coated story at all. I loved the underlying story about a crime the MC is trying to solve. (Not for the faint of heart!)   I absolutely adored the slow-burn of Tooth and Luci's relationship. It made their love scenes together all the sweeter. And did I mention that K.A. Merikan can write some of the most erotic sex scenes out there? You will need a cold shower after reading The Devil's Ride!! I couldn't put this book down and I literally can't wait for the next book in this series.   (*ARC provided by the authors in return for an honest review.)
342	Lan	good	3.5 - 4 Stars!!   I enjoyed this hockey book a lot and recommend it for anyone who likes a good, hot sports story with a lot of heart. Alex is an incredibly gifted hockey player who comes from an abusive background which is now affecting his game and his relationship with his teammates.   As part of a penalty, he is required to volunteer at a local drug-abuse prevention program alongside the beautiful and selfless Sutton. She is different from the hockey groupies who throw themselves at him, but at first he is a total jerk to her. No matter. Sutton sees the wounded person inside and they begin to fall for each other, even as he tries to push her away emotionally.   "I've been a prick far longer than I've been charming. You're seeing a new side to me, but you know the old is bound to come out."   "We all have days when our monsters come out, Alex. You're not going to scare me off if I see yours."   Sutton is feisty and educated and sees through Alex's B.S. She, too, comes from a dysfunctional family but unlike Alex, she has a positive outlook and is very close to her family. Will she be able to bring out the best in Alex and help him overcome his past demons? This book has more layers than a typical sports romance story and the characters really grew on me. I loved the hockey scenes and the steam factor between these two is AMAZING.   I have one tiny issue with this story, and I have found that it is not just unique to this book. Why can't a heroine be on birth control because she doesn't want to get pregnant? Why does it have to be to regulate her periods? This did not affect my enjoyment of the book, I am just surprised to see this recur over and over again in books. Overall, I really like the author's writing style. Alex is a sweetly sexy story with a heroine who is no pushover. It is a quick, romantic read with a VERY satisfactory conclusion. I actually found myself tearing up near the end! I also LOVED the other team members and I know they will have some great stories, too.   (*ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
342	Khoa	good	3.5 - 4 Stars!!   I enjoyed this hockey book a lot and recommend it for anyone who likes a good, hot sports story with a lot of heart. Alex is an incredibly gifted hockey player who comes from an abusive background which is now affecting his game and his relationship with his teammates.   As part of a penalty, he is required to volunteer at a local drug-abuse prevention program alongside the beautiful and selfless Sutton. She is different from the hockey groupies who throw themselves at him, but at first he is a total jerk to her. No matter. Sutton sees the wounded person inside and they begin to fall for each other, even as he tries to push her away emotionally.   "I've been a prick far longer than I've been charming. You're seeing a new side to me, but you know the old is bound to come out."   "We all have days when our monsters come out, Alex. You're not going to scare me off if I see yours."   Sutton is feisty and educated and sees through Alex's B.S. She, too, comes from a dysfunctional family but unlike Alex, she has a positive outlook and is very close to her family. Will she be able to bring out the best in Alex and help him overcome his past demons? This book has more layers than a typical sports romance story and the characters really grew on me. I loved the hockey scenes and the steam factor between these two is AMAZING.   I have one tiny issue with this story, and I have found that it is not just unique to this book. Why can't a heroine be on birth control because she doesn't want to get pregnant? Why does it have to be to regulate her periods? This did not affect my enjoyment of the book, I am just surprised to see this recur over and over again in books. Overall, I really like the author's writing style. Alex is a sweetly sexy story with a heroine who is no pushover. It is a quick, romantic read with a VERY satisfactory conclusion. I actually found myself tearing up near the end! I also LOVED the other team members and I know they will have some great stories, too.   (*ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
343	Lan	average	What do you get when you mix Colleen Hoover and Tarryn Fisher together? A thrilling, fast-paced, GRIPPING and memorable story called Never Never. If you have ever read anything written by Colleen Hoover, you know you are getting rich characters, an unforgettable plot and just all around amazing stories. And Tarryn Fisher has an imagination that can't be rivaled! Ever read her The Love Me With Lies series? Amazing. And Never Never ranks right up there with these writers' best books.   From the first words of this book, I was left feeling like someone pulled the rug out from under me. This overall feeling of disorientation is vital to the story, and the authors pulled it off with great success. I sympathized with the characters, felt their confusion, and could not stop turning the pages! This isn't exactly a paranormal story, and I cannot wait to see where the story goes. This review is brief because this book is best read without knowing too much about the plot. It is highly imaginative, inventive and very, very different. Don't miss this one!!   (SIGNED giveaway at http://www.thebookbellas.com)   (*ARC provided by the authors in return for an honest review)
343	Khoa	average	What do you get when you mix Colleen Hoover and Tarryn Fisher together? A thrilling, fast-paced, GRIPPING and memorable story called Never Never. If you have ever read anything written by Colleen Hoover, you know you are getting rich characters, an unforgettable plot and just all around amazing stories. And Tarryn Fisher has an imagination that can't be rivaled! Ever read her The Love Me With Lies series? Amazing. And Never Never ranks right up there with these writers' best books.   From the first words of this book, I was left feeling like someone pulled the rug out from under me. This overall feeling of disorientation is vital to the story, and the authors pulled it off with great success. I sympathized with the characters, felt their confusion, and could not stop turning the pages! This isn't exactly a paranormal story, and I cannot wait to see where the story goes. This review is brief because this book is best read without knowing too much about the plot. It is highly imaginative, inventive and very, very different. Don't miss this one!!   (SIGNED giveaway at http://www.thebookbellas.com)   (*ARC provided by the authors in return for an honest review)
344	Lan	average	5 Compelling, Un-put-down-able Stars!!   "I'd discovered sex at a really young age, completely by happenstance, and like music, it had touched a nerve with me. I still craved that feeling, that closeness, and I sought it out as often as I could. I wasn't picky about who I slept with--older, younger, attractive, homely, mothers, girlfriends, wives. Who they were didn't matter to me, I only cared that they were interested. That probably wasn't the best thing to admit, but it was the truth. Sex was a release for me. It made me feel like a part of something bigger than myself, made me feel connected to the world around me. And I needed to feel that way. My life was full of empty spaces."   And so begins this unexpectedly sexy and compelling book told from Kellan Kyle's POV. Forget that you think you know Kellan and Kiera's story, Thoughtful is a fresh and emotional story and is an absolute must-read!!   This book is a tribute to the fantastic talent that is S.C. Stephens. Kellan's voice is very male, very original and very, very sexy! My heart once again ached for him as we were given a peak inside his head and inside his heart. This story gives us insight into Kellan and Kiera's undeniable attraction, the heartache they both experienced and some amazing sexy times between the two of them. It is painful but compelling and I could not put this book down.   "For a brief second, I wondered what she really thought about me. Did she know anything about me besides my name and that I was in a band? Did she realize I screamed my heart out in my lyrics? Did she understand that my life left me feeling vacant inside? That I was so fucking lonely I almost couldn't stand myself? Would she want to know any of that? Or was the fact that I was a "rock star" enough for her? Like it was for all the other girls I'd slept with."   I absolutely loved the music scenes and they are an integral part of this book. I literally swooned all over again reading Thoughtful.   "When it was time for us to go play, a familiar feeling washed over me--anxiousness mixed with peace. As I walked up the steps to the stage worn with use, I felt the remnants of who I was melting off me. Onstage, none of my worries touched me. It was like I was a different person. Like I was acting, and yet I was being more truthful than I ever was off the stage. I bled my heart out while I was performing, not that many people truly noticed; they were too busy enjoying the showmanship to dig beneath the surface of the words. There was safety in the scrutiny, anonymity in the spotlight. I felt invincible up there. Just me and my guitar."   The loneliness, the pain of first love...it is all here and more. Thoughtful is a must-read and I applaud the author for giving us an amazingly fresh and new look at the irresistible Kellan Kyle. Thoughtful is must-read! Enjoy!
344	Khoa	good	5 Compelling, Un-put-down-able Stars!!   "I'd discovered sex at a really young age, completely by happenstance, and like music, it had touched a nerve with me. I still craved that feeling, that closeness, and I sought it out as often as I could. I wasn't picky about who I slept with--older, younger, attractive, homely, mothers, girlfriends, wives. Who they were didn't matter to me, I only cared that they were interested. That probably wasn't the best thing to admit, but it was the truth. Sex was a release for me. It made me feel like a part of something bigger than myself, made me feel connected to the world around me. And I needed to feel that way. My life was full of empty spaces."   And so begins this unexpectedly sexy and compelling book told from Kellan Kyle's POV. Forget that you think you know Kellan and Kiera's story, Thoughtful is a fresh and emotional story and is an absolute must-read!!   This book is a tribute to the fantastic talent that is S.C. Stephens. Kellan's voice is very male, very original and very, very sexy! My heart once again ached for him as we were given a peak inside his head and inside his heart. This story gives us insight into Kellan and Kiera's undeniable attraction, the heartache they both experienced and some amazing sexy times between the two of them. It is painful but compelling and I could not put this book down.   "For a brief second, I wondered what she really thought about me. Did she know anything about me besides my name and that I was in a band? Did she realize I screamed my heart out in my lyrics? Did she understand that my life left me feeling vacant inside? That I was so fucking lonely I almost couldn't stand myself? Would she want to know any of that? Or was the fact that I was a "rock star" enough for her? Like it was for all the other girls I'd slept with."   I absolutely loved the music scenes and they are an integral part of this book. I literally swooned all over again reading Thoughtful.   "When it was time for us to go play, a familiar feeling washed over me--anxiousness mixed with peace. As I walked up the steps to the stage worn with use, I felt the remnants of who I was melting off me. Onstage, none of my worries touched me. It was like I was a different person. Like I was acting, and yet I was being more truthful than I ever was off the stage. I bled my heart out while I was performing, not that many people truly noticed; they were too busy enjoying the showmanship to dig beneath the surface of the words. There was safety in the scrutiny, anonymity in the spotlight. I felt invincible up there. Just me and my guitar."   The loneliness, the pain of first love...it is all here and more. Thoughtful is a must-read and I applaud the author for giving us an amazingly fresh and new look at the irresistible Kellan Kyle. Thoughtful is must-read! Enjoy!
345	Lan	good	4.5 - 5 STARS   "This is hardly love."   "Then it's hardly lust."   "Then we'll just call it us."   ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS!!! TURBULENCE was perfectly DIRTY, funny and smart. I could not put it down. There are books that fulfill a certain reading mood, and this juicy story was just what I needed. I totally connected with Gillian and Jake, and more importantly, FELT their connection, too.   The chapter headings in this book are priceless and the story line was incredibly creative. Just when I thought the author was taking a predictable path, the plot veered off into unexpected territory. Our hero Jake is cold, distant and sarcastic, but boy can he fuck. He is a MACHINE. He has a woman waiting in every city. When our heroine Gillian meets him, they both agree to a strictly-sex arrangement. But of course you know that one of them is going to fall hard and get their heart broken. But it's what happens along the way that makes for a yummy, delicious, insanely addictive story. And oh my God, the sex in this book is burning hot. I mean this is totally NSFW, reading-under-the-covers kind of sex.   "We'll always be fucking, Gillian" He smiled, biting my lip before tossing me onto the bed. "That's the best part of us."   This book would have been 5 stars for me except for some minor details. It might seem clever to name characters after real authors, but to me, it cheapens the story. Many readers will recognize one of the main characters in this book but again, that detail lessened the impact of the story to me. Finally, proofreading would have helped to correct certain inconsistencies in the story.   BUT overall, I adored this book and completely devoured it!! I highly recommend TURBULENCE and can't wait for more from this author!   "You're still my anomaly, Gillian," he said softly. "You always will be."
345	Khoa	good	4.5 - 5 STARS   "This is hardly love."   "Then it's hardly lust."   "Then we'll just call it us."   ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS!!! TURBULENCE was perfectly DIRTY, funny and smart. I could not put it down. There are books that fulfill a certain reading mood, and this juicy story was just what I needed. I totally connected with Gillian and Jake, and more importantly, FELT their connection, too.   The chapter headings in this book are priceless and the story line was incredibly creative. Just when I thought the author was taking a predictable path, the plot veered off into unexpected territory. Our hero Jake is cold, distant and sarcastic, but boy can he fuck. He is a MACHINE. He has a woman waiting in every city. When our heroine Gillian meets him, they both agree to a strictly-sex arrangement. But of course you know that one of them is going to fall hard and get their heart broken. But it's what happens along the way that makes for a yummy, delicious, insanely addictive story. And oh my God, the sex in this book is burning hot. I mean this is totally NSFW, reading-under-the-covers kind of sex.   "We'll always be fucking, Gillian" He smiled, biting my lip before tossing me onto the bed. "That's the best part of us."   This book would have been 5 stars for me except for some minor details. It might seem clever to name characters after real authors, but to me, it cheapens the story. Many readers will recognize one of the main characters in this book but again, that detail lessened the impact of the story to me. Finally, proofreading would have helped to correct certain inconsistencies in the story.   BUT overall, I adored this book and completely devoured it!! I highly recommend TURBULENCE and can't wait for more from this author!   "You're still my anomaly, Gillian," he said softly. "You always will be."
346	Lan	good	PURE PERFECTION!!   I could read only Kristen Ashley books and be very happy. RIDE STEADY is another slam-dunk winner from the Queen of Alphas, with a story that ripped my heart out and characters that I won't soon forget. Joker might be one Ms. Ashley's most unforgettable Alphas ever, a man who rose from a painful and loveless childhood to become a patched-in Brother of the Chaos MC. Chaos became his family, and the MC recognized the fire burning in Joker that would serve the club well.   "He was at the shop window, empty pockets, face pressed to the glass, starin' at what he wanted but couldn't have. I'll wager, to survive, he's banked that fire. We gotta help him direct it and make sure if it flares bright, it doesn't burn him out."   Carissa Teodoro's life becomes entwined with Joker's, as the two former high school classmates meet again years later. Let me just say that this book is so incredibly gripping and heartbreaking and sexy, that I am tempted to re-read it to experience these feelings all over again! She was once the golden girl who had it all, and he was the boy from the wrong side of the tracks. Their story spans years and that is what I love about Ms. Ashley's writing: there is no Insta-love here, instead, our hero and heroine have a shared history that adds a depth and richness to this book.   "Yeah, Carrie," he answered. "It's you. It's always been you. It'll always be you. Fuckin' always."   Joker is a sexy, bad-ass Alpha biker that has zero interest in relationships, or in real friendships for that matter, since he has a hard time opening up to anyone about his feelings or his past. That is what makes his relationship with Carrie so poignant: this is a man who is so closed off and afraid of emotional bonds that he has been alone (and lonely) most of his life.   Carrie draws his out just by being herself. She is going through a messy and painful divorce, has a baby, is struggling to make ends meet and has a ton of emotional baggage. She is not perfect but she is open to love and gives her heart unconditionally to Joker.   "Rule," he stated instantaneously.   His strange word made me blink at the lockers. "Sorry?"   "Rule. You can't be like that on the phone. You can only be like that when I can kiss you."   I lifted a hand and pressed it to the cold steel of my locker, leaning into it because my knees suddenly wouldn't support me.   "You hear me?" he asked. "Yes, Joker."   OH. EM. GEE!! *SWOON* I can't say enough about Ride Steady. Plus some of my favorite bad-ass Alphas from Ms. Ashley's other books make appearances here! Dead. There is also a sneak peek at the next Chaos book at the end of Ride Steady and it sounds amazing. Joker and Carissa's story is beautiful, thrilling and passionate. Ride Steady is a must-read!   Favorite quotes:   "Butterfly, you're cute all the time, cuter some times more than others, and it's fucked up because right now you're bein' a pain in the ass and this is one of those times that you're cuter. But you gotta get this so you can get over it. My old man doesn't exist for me. I left him and that life behind, and I don't want it back in any way it can come back."   "We are who cares about us."   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
346	Khoa	excellent	PURE PERFECTION!!   I could read only Kristen Ashley books and be very happy. RIDE STEADY is another slam-dunk winner from the Queen of Alphas, with a story that ripped my heart out and characters that I won't soon forget. Joker might be one Ms. Ashley's most unforgettable Alphas ever, a man who rose from a painful and loveless childhood to become a patched-in Brother of the Chaos MC. Chaos became his family, and the MC recognized the fire burning in Joker that would serve the club well.   "He was at the shop window, empty pockets, face pressed to the glass, starin' at what he wanted but couldn't have. I'll wager, to survive, he's banked that fire. We gotta help him direct it and make sure if it flares bright, it doesn't burn him out."   Carissa Teodoro's life becomes entwined with Joker's, as the two former high school classmates meet again years later. Let me just say that this book is so incredibly gripping and heartbreaking and sexy, that I am tempted to re-read it to experience these feelings all over again! She was once the golden girl who had it all, and he was the boy from the wrong side of the tracks. Their story spans years and that is what I love about Ms. Ashley's writing: there is no Insta-love here, instead, our hero and heroine have a shared history that adds a depth and richness to this book.   "Yeah, Carrie," he answered. "It's you. It's always been you. It'll always be you. Fuckin' always."   Joker is a sexy, bad-ass Alpha biker that has zero interest in relationships, or in real friendships for that matter, since he has a hard time opening up to anyone about his feelings or his past. That is what makes his relationship with Carrie so poignant: this is a man who is so closed off and afraid of emotional bonds that he has been alone (and lonely) most of his life.   Carrie draws his out just by being herself. She is going through a messy and painful divorce, has a baby, is struggling to make ends meet and has a ton of emotional baggage. She is not perfect but she is open to love and gives her heart unconditionally to Joker.   "Rule," he stated instantaneously.   His strange word made me blink at the lockers. "Sorry?"   "Rule. You can't be like that on the phone. You can only be like that when I can kiss you."   I lifted a hand and pressed it to the cold steel of my locker, leaning into it because my knees suddenly wouldn't support me.   "You hear me?" he asked. "Yes, Joker."   OH. EM. GEE!! *SWOON* I can't say enough about Ride Steady. Plus some of my favorite bad-ass Alphas from Ms. Ashley's other books make appearances here! Dead. There is also a sneak peek at the next Chaos book at the end of Ride Steady and it sounds amazing. Joker and Carissa's story is beautiful, thrilling and passionate. Ride Steady is a must-read!   Favorite quotes:   "Butterfly, you're cute all the time, cuter some times more than others, and it's fucked up because right now you're bein' a pain in the ass and this is one of those times that you're cuter. But you gotta get this so you can get over it. My old man doesn't exist for me. I left him and that life behind, and I don't want it back in any way it can come back."   "We are who cares about us."   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
347	Lan	average	Locke is the last book in the Corps Security Series. Although each book can be read as a standalone, the series is fantastic and you really get a sense of the strong camaraderie and history between the characters if you read the series. It is hard to say goodbye to these beloved characters but Harper Sloan does in in style with Locke.   Locke has a horrible relationship with his family as does Emmy, each in a different way. They both suffer terrible emotional (and physical) abuse. Locke has been convinced by his family that he is worthless, evil, bad, etc., so it is no wonder that he believes he has nothing to offer anyone, let alone Emmy.   Emmy has always loved Locke and when these two finally get together, it's the usual hot and fiery Corps-Security, bad-ass Alpha way! Locke won't let anyone or anything harm his Emmy and she helps him finally confront his own personal demons.   This is a fast-paced, really sexy and hot read. I love this series and fell in love with all the Corps Security men. Locke's family felt a little over the top to me, almost cartoonish in their behavior but other than that, I loved this book and highly recommend it.   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
347	Khoa	average	Locke is the last book in the Corps Security Series. Although each book can be read as a standalone, the series is fantastic and you really get a sense of the strong camaraderie and history between the characters if you read the series. It is hard to say goodbye to these beloved characters but Harper Sloan does in in style with Locke.   Locke has a horrible relationship with his family as does Emmy, each in a different way. They both suffer terrible emotional (and physical) abuse. Locke has been convinced by his family that he is worthless, evil, bad, etc., so it is no wonder that he believes he has nothing to offer anyone, let alone Emmy.   Emmy has always loved Locke and when these two finally get together, it's the usual hot and fiery Corps-Security, bad-ass Alpha way! Locke won't let anyone or anything harm his Emmy and she helps him finally confront his own personal demons.   This is a fast-paced, really sexy and hot read. I love this series and fell in love with all the Corps Security men. Locke's family felt a little over the top to me, almost cartoonish in their behavior but other than that, I loved this book and highly recommend it.   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
348	Lan	average	Skye Warren is my go-to author for dark, sexy, richly-written erotica. Annika Martin is a new author to me and now I want to read all of her books, too! As with all of Skye's books, the hero Grayson (yes, he is a hero to me) is darkly sexy, dangerous, forbidden and completely overpowering. He knows his power and attraction and he uses it against those weaker than him. Unfortunately it is a survival skill he learned at a very young age. Abigail meets him in prison when she is picked to teach a writing course to the inmates. But very quickly she realizes that Grayson is dangerously attractive, untrustworthy and dishonest. Or is he?   This book literally kept be turning the pages until the middle of the night. There is no right and wrong in this book, only two extremely damaged and vulnerable people who quickly become the target of a massive manhunt. Prisoner takes one thrilling turn after another, and Abigail, who fought Grayson with all her might, slowly realizes that all is not as it seems.   I loved Abigail's bravery in the face of absolute and complete danger. At first it seems as though Grayson would just as soon kill her than f*** her. But as with all for Skye's books (and I will assume Annika's books as well), this intensely sexual man is struggling with his own inner demons. Grayson makes no apologies for his actions. But will he and Abby survive all of the forces out to destroy them.   I couldn't put this book down. The prose is perfect and the story thrilling, sexy and even tender and heartbreaking at times. It is told in alternating point-of-views which gives great insight into Grayson's motivations. I was devastated to see this story end and I can only hope that the authors intend to write more stories including Grayson's crew. I absolutely loved Prisoner. It is gritty, raw, sexy, very layered and nuanced. Highly recommended.
348	Khoa	good	Skye Warren is my go-to author for dark, sexy, richly-written erotica. Annika Martin is a new author to me and now I want to read all of her books, too! As with all of Skye's books, the hero Grayson (yes, he is a hero to me) is darkly sexy, dangerous, forbidden and completely overpowering. He knows his power and attraction and he uses it against those weaker than him. Unfortunately it is a survival skill he learned at a very young age. Abigail meets him in prison when she is picked to teach a writing course to the inmates. But very quickly she realizes that Grayson is dangerously attractive, untrustworthy and dishonest. Or is he?   This book literally kept be turning the pages until the middle of the night. There is no right and wrong in this book, only two extremely damaged and vulnerable people who quickly become the target of a massive manhunt. Prisoner takes one thrilling turn after another, and Abigail, who fought Grayson with all her might, slowly realizes that all is not as it seems.   I loved Abigail's bravery in the face of absolute and complete danger. At first it seems as though Grayson would just as soon kill her than f*** her. But as with all for Skye's books (and I will assume Annika's books as well), this intensely sexual man is struggling with his own inner demons. Grayson makes no apologies for his actions. But will he and Abby survive all of the forces out to destroy them.   I couldn't put this book down. The prose is perfect and the story thrilling, sexy and even tender and heartbreaking at times. It is told in alternating point-of-views which gives great insight into Grayson's motivations. I was devastated to see this story end and I can only hope that the authors intend to write more stories including Grayson's crew. I absolutely loved Prisoner. It is gritty, raw, sexy, very layered and nuanced. Highly recommended.
349	Lan	poor	4.5 stars! Wow. This book will stay with me for a very long time. Full review to come.
349	Khoa	poor	4.5 stars! Wow. This book will stay with me for a very long time. Full review to come.
350	Lan	average	6 STARS!!!   "...the problem with books is that they end. They seduce you. They spread their legs to you and pull you inside. And you go deep and leave your possessions and your ties to the world at the door and you like it inside and you don't want for your possessions or your ties and then, the book evaporates."   Every word, every line of this book is PERFECT. I have never been so creeped out, or laughed so hard. I'm obsessed with Joe Goldberg!   Joe is obsessed with Beck. But I mean, hack into her email, stalk her every move kind of obsessed. And he is sick. Very, very sick. But that doesn't stop Caroline Kepnes from making him one of the funniest, creepiest, saddest, meanest and kindest characters of all time. He just wants Beck to love him. And that is no easy feat. Beck is at once smart, self-involved, funny, cruel and naive, but Joe is very, very determined.   "You are a woman and I am a man and we belong in the dark together and you smell good, pure. I like that."   This is not a romance but it is without a doubt one of the most memorable books I have ever read. Just when you think Joe has sunk to a new low, he goes even lower. He is perverted and weird and I am obsessed with him!! This book is filled with absolutely unforgettable characters. And the jokes about New York City living are the best. As is the sarcastic, witty and biting commentary on modern life in general.   I highlighted practically the entire book. I can't recommend YOU highly enough. It is a weird, wild ride.
350	Khoa	good	6 STARS!!!   "...the problem with books is that they end. They seduce you. They spread their legs to you and pull you inside. And you go deep and leave your possessions and your ties to the world at the door and you like it inside and you don't want for your possessions or your ties and then, the book evaporates."   Every word, every line of this book is PERFECT. I have never been so creeped out, or laughed so hard. I'm obsessed with Joe Goldberg!   Joe is obsessed with Beck. But I mean, hack into her email, stalk her every move kind of obsessed. And he is sick. Very, very sick. But that doesn't stop Caroline Kepnes from making him one of the funniest, creepiest, saddest, meanest and kindest characters of all time. He just wants Beck to love him. And that is no easy feat. Beck is at once smart, self-involved, funny, cruel and naive, but Joe is very, very determined.   "You are a woman and I am a man and we belong in the dark together and you smell good, pure. I like that."   This is not a romance but it is without a doubt one of the most memorable books I have ever read. Just when you think Joe has sunk to a new low, he goes even lower. He is perverted and weird and I am obsessed with him!! This book is filled with absolutely unforgettable characters. And the jokes about New York City living are the best. As is the sarcastic, witty and biting commentary on modern life in general.   I highlighted practically the entire book. I can't recommend YOU highly enough. It is a weird, wild ride.
351	Lan	excellent	4.5 Deliciously Thrilling Stars!!   "He had the manners of a gentlemen all wrapped up in the cutthroat harshness of a criminal."   Just...WOW!! I am a huge fan of Pepper Winters and RUIN & RULE is another dark, action-packed and twisted tale from this incredibly talented writer.   If you're a fan of MC books, then you add this one to your must-read list!! It has it all, a strong, beautiful and spirited heroine, a tortured, complicated hero, tons of action and lots and lots of complicated plot twists and turns.   PURE IN THOUGHTS AND VENGEANCE. CORRUPT IN ALL THINGS THAT MATTER, and the symbolism of what he stood for. Biker.   I was on pins and needles from the first page of this book. I experienced the disorientation of our heroine, Sarah/Cleo, as she woke to the horrific reality of being held captive by a vicious MC gang. She feels a glimmer of recognition when she sees Arthur "Kill" Killian, but from where? When? I kept turning the pages to find the answers. Does Kill know her? Why is he so ruthless? There are so many to this story! Sarah/Cleo has lost her memory and her only clues to her past are tiny flashes of memories that come to her fleetingly. She feels a connection to Kill, but why?   "I'm no one. And no one would've helped me. In my world--you survive or you die. You don't rely on others to make sure you do either one. It's the very first fucking lesson you learn." The pain in his voice notched around my heart, squeezing.   I loved the small glimpses from Kill's POV. This book is a fantastic bundle of delicious mysteries all wrapped up in a sexy, dangerous biker package. Despite his hardened demeanor, Kill slowly allows himself to feel something for our heroine, all the while knowing his feelings could be the end of him.   For the first time in my godforsaken life, I felt... felt something instead of the cold hatred of vengeance. It gave me strength all while making me weak. I wanted more. Therefore, I had to stop. Before she destroyed me--just like all the rest.   Pepper Winters made me feel sorry for Kill, despite his outwardly vicious demeanor. This was a man who had suffered terribly and been horribly mistreated. But by whom? Many answers are revealed but I am definitely craving more.   "I'd been spoon-fed lies all my life. I'd become a master at smelling untruths. And the woman currently residing in my home--the woman who'd healed me -- smelled terrifyingly toxic. A scent that made me want to run with one heartbeat and then fuck her with the next. She made me face things I was no longer strong enough to face. She made me look past her scam and crave."   RUIN & RULE is told through a series of flashbacks interwoven with the present-day story. Pepper Winters is the mistress of a gripping and intense story and this one is no exception. Just when I though I knew what the outcome would be, she proved me wrong. RUIN & RULE is also a STUNNINGLY beautiful love story and succeeds as a romance on every level. There is a twist at the end and I cannot wait to get the next chapter in Kill and Cleo's story!!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
351	Khoa	excellent	4.5 Deliciously Thrilling Stars!!   "He had the manners of a gentlemen all wrapped up in the cutthroat harshness of a criminal."   Just...WOW!! I am a huge fan of Pepper Winters and RUIN & RULE is another dark, action-packed and twisted tale from this incredibly talented writer.   If you're a fan of MC books, then you add this one to your must-read list!! It has it all, a strong, beautiful and spirited heroine, a tortured, complicated hero, tons of action and lots and lots of complicated plot twists and turns.   PURE IN THOUGHTS AND VENGEANCE. CORRUPT IN ALL THINGS THAT MATTER, and the symbolism of what he stood for. Biker.   I was on pins and needles from the first page of this book. I experienced the disorientation of our heroine, Sarah/Cleo, as she woke to the horrific reality of being held captive by a vicious MC gang. She feels a glimmer of recognition when she sees Arthur "Kill" Killian, but from where? When? I kept turning the pages to find the answers. Does Kill know her? Why is he so ruthless? There are so many to this story! Sarah/Cleo has lost her memory and her only clues to her past are tiny flashes of memories that come to her fleetingly. She feels a connection to Kill, but why?   "I'm no one. And no one would've helped me. In my world--you survive or you die. You don't rely on others to make sure you do either one. It's the very first fucking lesson you learn." The pain in his voice notched around my heart, squeezing.   I loved the small glimpses from Kill's POV. This book is a fantastic bundle of delicious mysteries all wrapped up in a sexy, dangerous biker package. Despite his hardened demeanor, Kill slowly allows himself to feel something for our heroine, all the while knowing his feelings could be the end of him.   For the first time in my godforsaken life, I felt... felt something instead of the cold hatred of vengeance. It gave me strength all while making me weak. I wanted more. Therefore, I had to stop. Before she destroyed me--just like all the rest.   Pepper Winters made me feel sorry for Kill, despite his outwardly vicious demeanor. This was a man who had suffered terribly and been horribly mistreated. But by whom? Many answers are revealed but I am definitely craving more.   "I'd been spoon-fed lies all my life. I'd become a master at smelling untruths. And the woman currently residing in my home--the woman who'd healed me -- smelled terrifyingly toxic. A scent that made me want to run with one heartbeat and then fuck her with the next. She made me face things I was no longer strong enough to face. She made me look past her scam and crave."   RUIN & RULE is told through a series of flashbacks interwoven with the present-day story. Pepper Winters is the mistress of a gripping and intense story and this one is no exception. Just when I though I knew what the outcome would be, she proved me wrong. RUIN & RULE is also a STUNNINGLY beautiful love story and succeeds as a romance on every level. There is a twist at the end and I cannot wait to get the next chapter in Kill and Cleo's story!!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
352	Lan	average	Debt is one of the darkest, most erotic books I have ever read. This story is not for the faint of heart so heed the warnings, but if you are ready for a stunning, thrilling, twisted and emotional story, then Debt is for you.   A suspenseful and revenge-filled tale, Debt had me on the edge of my seat from the first page. I highlighted so much of this book that I could fill this review with amazing passages but read it for yourself and experience this fantastic and sexy story. I have never read a book by Nina Jones and she absolutely blew me away by this story.   "This man is my stalker, my terrorizer, my lover."   Told in flashbacks and in alternating POV's, Debt is a story about Tax Draconi, who has come to settle an old debt from Mia Tibbett. He at first appears to be filled with hate, revenge and basically, with pure evil. His actions throughout much of the book are absolutely unforgivable. But the author is an absolute genius at making me actually love Tax and empathize with him. The scenes with Mia are beyond explicit. Tax brings new meaning to the phrase "dirty talker".   "It's what I do when it comes to women. I can't give them affection, or love, or intimacy. That all died in me long ago. So I give what I can: Relief. Pleasure. Abandon."   The focus of his plan is Mia, who remains mostly clueless about why Tax hates her so much, but still finds herself powerless under his erotic spell. He owns her, body and soul. She realizes that he has ruined her for other men and despite his evil ways, she still feels compelled to try to break through his wicked exterior.   "Is it possible Tax could be everything I need in a man? He has the fire that burns me and awakens me. That was the thing I had been looking for, and it is so uniquely hard to find."   The trauma that Tax and his twin sister Jude suffered at a young age is hinted at throughout the story and when finally revealed, sheds light on his behavior and Jude's thirst for revenge against Mia as well. This book might shock you but the story flows and the characters are unforgettable. I found a few minor inconsistencies with the story which in no way took away from my enjoyment of this dark, sexy. erotic, dark and fantastic story. I was distraught that Debt ended and I am waiting not-so-patiently for more from Ms. Nina G. Jones!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
352	Khoa	good	Debt is one of the darkest, most erotic books I have ever read. This story is not for the faint of heart so heed the warnings, but if you are ready for a stunning, thrilling, twisted and emotional story, then Debt is for you.   A suspenseful and revenge-filled tale, Debt had me on the edge of my seat from the first page. I highlighted so much of this book that I could fill this review with amazing passages but read it for yourself and experience this fantastic and sexy story. I have never read a book by Nina Jones and she absolutely blew me away by this story.   "This man is my stalker, my terrorizer, my lover."   Told in flashbacks and in alternating POV's, Debt is a story about Tax Draconi, who has come to settle an old debt from Mia Tibbett. He at first appears to be filled with hate, revenge and basically, with pure evil. His actions throughout much of the book are absolutely unforgivable. But the author is an absolute genius at making me actually love Tax and empathize with him. The scenes with Mia are beyond explicit. Tax brings new meaning to the phrase "dirty talker".   "It's what I do when it comes to women. I can't give them affection, or love, or intimacy. That all died in me long ago. So I give what I can: Relief. Pleasure. Abandon."   The focus of his plan is Mia, who remains mostly clueless about why Tax hates her so much, but still finds herself powerless under his erotic spell. He owns her, body and soul. She realizes that he has ruined her for other men and despite his evil ways, she still feels compelled to try to break through his wicked exterior.   "Is it possible Tax could be everything I need in a man? He has the fire that burns me and awakens me. That was the thing I had been looking for, and it is so uniquely hard to find."   The trauma that Tax and his twin sister Jude suffered at a young age is hinted at throughout the story and when finally revealed, sheds light on his behavior and Jude's thirst for revenge against Mia as well. This book might shock you but the story flows and the characters are unforgettable. I found a few minor inconsistencies with the story which in no way took away from my enjoyment of this dark, sexy. erotic, dark and fantastic story. I was distraught that Debt ended and I am waiting not-so-patiently for more from Ms. Nina G. Jones!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
353	Lan	good	What a passionate and intense love story!! Broken Juliet is THE perfect ending to Cassie and Ethan's epic journey.   I loved this book because it mixes both love and heartbreak seamlessly. I was so wrapped up in Cassie and Ethan's grand love story that I was thrown completely off-balance (just like Cassie!) when things would go wrong. And I loved every single minute of it!! The author once again switched between both past and present here, and while the back-and-forth can be jarring in some books, it worked perfectly here.   Broken Juliet picks up literally right where Bad Romeo ended. Ethan has broken Cassie's heart more than once and he is begging her for another chance. Cassie has finally moved on with her life and cannot believe that Ethan has finally changed and is open to really love her. One of the many, many things that I loved about this book is that it mixes in plenty of humor with the heartbreak and passion. Cassie is tentatively letting Ethan back into her life but she is trying her best to move slowly so her heart doesn't get trampled once again. Her inner monologue can be hilarious:   "I can't drive. Is it cool for me to sleep on the couch?"   No. Get out before I mount you.   Broken Juliet is a heart-pounding, passionate love story above all else. Leisa's writing is flawless and the chemistry between her two main characters absolutely off the charts. I was so connected with Ethan and Cassie that I was on the edge of my seat reading this book. And when Ethan gives Cassie his journals to read? Perfection. Cassie finally understands what was going on inside Ethan's head when he left her in drama school years before. These two share a passion and a love that is undeniable and absolutely breathtaking:   "This man represents so many things to me. He was my first true friend. My first love. First lover. The master of more pleasure than I knew existed, and the architect of more heartache than I thought I could endure."   I also really loved the behind-the-scenes look into the world of theatre. I appreciated the author's insights into the world of stage actors and the acting process. Some of my favorite scenes take place when Ethan and Cassie are in drama school, these are soul-baring, painful and beautiful passages to read. I can't recommend this series highly enough and I am totally addicted to Ethan Holt!! Both books are out now, so get reading!   4.5 passionate and heart-pounding stars!!   Favorite quotes:   The thing about developing an addiction is that it happens so quietly, you don't know how much trouble you're in until it's too late. It tiptoes through the rooms of your mind and body, gently inserting hooks and strings into every cell, until you don't know where you end and it begins. And untangling that web is nearly impossible.   This is more than lust. It's even more than love. It's imperative. Mindless, bloody-minded need. I can't kiss him deep enough, or hold him close enough.   (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
353	Khoa	excellent	What a passionate and intense love story!! Broken Juliet is THE perfect ending to Cassie and Ethan's epic journey.   I loved this book because it mixes both love and heartbreak seamlessly. I was so wrapped up in Cassie and Ethan's grand love story that I was thrown completely off-balance (just like Cassie!) when things would go wrong. And I loved every single minute of it!! The author once again switched between both past and present here, and while the back-and-forth can be jarring in some books, it worked perfectly here.   Broken Juliet picks up literally right where Bad Romeo ended. Ethan has broken Cassie's heart more than once and he is begging her for another chance. Cassie has finally moved on with her life and cannot believe that Ethan has finally changed and is open to really love her. One of the many, many things that I loved about this book is that it mixes in plenty of humor with the heartbreak and passion. Cassie is tentatively letting Ethan back into her life but she is trying her best to move slowly so her heart doesn't get trampled once again. Her inner monologue can be hilarious:   "I can't drive. Is it cool for me to sleep on the couch?"   No. Get out before I mount you.   Broken Juliet is a heart-pounding, passionate love story above all else. Leisa's writing is flawless and the chemistry between her two main characters absolutely off the charts. I was so connected with Ethan and Cassie that I was on the edge of my seat reading this book. And when Ethan gives Cassie his journals to read? Perfection. Cassie finally understands what was going on inside Ethan's head when he left her in drama school years before. These two share a passion and a love that is undeniable and absolutely breathtaking:   "This man represents so many things to me. He was my first true friend. My first love. First lover. The master of more pleasure than I knew existed, and the architect of more heartache than I thought I could endure."   I also really loved the behind-the-scenes look into the world of theatre. I appreciated the author's insights into the world of stage actors and the acting process. Some of my favorite scenes take place when Ethan and Cassie are in drama school, these are soul-baring, painful and beautiful passages to read. I can't recommend this series highly enough and I am totally addicted to Ethan Holt!! Both books are out now, so get reading!   4.5 passionate and heart-pounding stars!!   Favorite quotes:   The thing about developing an addiction is that it happens so quietly, you don't know how much trouble you're in until it's too late. It tiptoes through the rooms of your mind and body, gently inserting hooks and strings into every cell, until you don't know where you end and it begins. And untangling that web is nearly impossible.   This is more than lust. It's even more than love. It's imperative. Mindless, bloody-minded need. I can't kiss him deep enough, or hold him close enough.   (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
354	Lan	good	5 perfect stars!!!   Well. Where do I begin? Bad Romeo is one of my favorite books of the year. It is the perfect blend of coming-of-age, intense longing, heartache, friendship and first love. The story is told in a mix of present-day and flashbacks which can be confusing but work perfectly here. Ethan Holt is the classic bad-boy, who smashed Cassie Taylor's heart when they were drama students. Flash-forward to present day, when they are both cast as the leads in a Broadway play. Told from Cassie's point of view, the book follows their completely tortured, angst-filled relationship. But don't be scared away: this book is raunchy, laugh-out-loud funny and will keep you turning the pages to see what will happen next.   Can Cassie work with Ethan again after what he did to her in the past? She can't seem to stay away from him and Leisa Rayven gives a wonderful, slow-build story that kept me reading until the wee hours of the night. I was fascinated by the behind-the-scenes look at the theatre world and the sometimes-painful description of the acting process. And even though this is a New Adult novel, it is incredibly sexy and steamy and filled with just the right blend of longing and sexual release. And Cassie, what a fantastic heroine! She's smart, tough-on-the-outside but very vulnerable, and funny as hell. I fell in love with Ethan Holt and even though he was portrayed as a jerk, felt sympathetic towards him because of his tortured past. I can't say enough about this book!!   After I finished this book, I was fascinated to read that it originally began as fan fiction. How did I not know this? I am now officially addicted to this series and this author. I highlighted practically the entire book. The ending was perfection and I am literally counting the days until the next book, Broken Juliet!!   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
354	Khoa	good	5 perfect stars!!!   Well. Where do I begin? Bad Romeo is one of my favorite books of the year. It is the perfect blend of coming-of-age, intense longing, heartache, friendship and first love. The story is told in a mix of present-day and flashbacks which can be confusing but work perfectly here. Ethan Holt is the classic bad-boy, who smashed Cassie Taylor's heart when they were drama students. Flash-forward to present day, when they are both cast as the leads in a Broadway play. Told from Cassie's point of view, the book follows their completely tortured, angst-filled relationship. But don't be scared away: this book is raunchy, laugh-out-loud funny and will keep you turning the pages to see what will happen next.   Can Cassie work with Ethan again after what he did to her in the past? She can't seem to stay away from him and Leisa Rayven gives a wonderful, slow-build story that kept me reading until the wee hours of the night. I was fascinated by the behind-the-scenes look at the theatre world and the sometimes-painful description of the acting process. And even though this is a New Adult novel, it is incredibly sexy and steamy and filled with just the right blend of longing and sexual release. And Cassie, what a fantastic heroine! She's smart, tough-on-the-outside but very vulnerable, and funny as hell. I fell in love with Ethan Holt and even though he was portrayed as a jerk, felt sympathetic towards him because of his tortured past. I can't say enough about this book!!   After I finished this book, I was fascinated to read that it originally began as fan fiction. How did I not know this? I am now officially addicted to this series and this author. I highlighted practically the entire book. The ending was perfection and I am literally counting the days until the next book, Broken Juliet!!   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
355	Lan	average	4.5 stars!!   Looking for a different kind of story, but one with scorching hot sex scenes and a strong heroine? Read Uncivilized now! I was completely unprepared to fall in love with Zach but I did and I miss him already. There are some books that merely recite one sex scene after another, with no emotional connection between the characters and writing that fails to connect the reader with the characters. Well, not Uncivilized. Ms. Bennett has written a sensitive, interesting, very different story with absolutely memorable characters that will stay with me for a long time.   Zach at first comes across as a somewhat cold, savage man who will never become acclimated to the modern world. But is that such a bad thing? As the story progresses, Moira becomes more willing to bend towards Zach's way of life and his belief system. And this man is HOT HOT HOT. The book's sex scenes are absolutely among the most gorgeous, lush and loving scenes I have ever read.   This book could have been a cliche but it's most definitely not. I loved the world created by Ms. Bennett and I highly recommend Uncivilized. Enjoy! And have a freezer nearby!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for a honest review.)
355	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!!   Looking for a different kind of story, but one with scorching hot sex scenes and a strong heroine? Read Uncivilized now! I was completely unprepared to fall in love with Zach but I did and I miss him already. There are some books that merely recite one sex scene after another, with no emotional connection between the characters and writing that fails to connect the reader with the characters. Well, not Uncivilized. Ms. Bennett has written a sensitive, interesting, very different story with absolutely memorable characters that will stay with me for a long time.   Zach at first comes across as a somewhat cold, savage man who will never become acclimated to the modern world. But is that such a bad thing? As the story progresses, Moira becomes more willing to bend towards Zach's way of life and his belief system. And this man is HOT HOT HOT. The book's sex scenes are absolutely among the most gorgeous, lush and loving scenes I have ever read.   This book could have been a cliche but it's most definitely not. I loved the world created by Ms. Bennett and I highly recommend Uncivilized. Enjoy! And have a freezer nearby!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for a honest review.)
356	Lan	excellent	3 1/2 stars!!   Dark. Dark. Dark. Those were my first thoughts upon finishing Raze. I love a good dark and gritty romance and Raze fits the bill. This book is filled with intense drama and brutal scenes of torture so be warned. I have a very strong threshold for dark reads, but there was an extra element that didn't quite sit well with me. That being said, this book has an incredibly creative storyline and some hot, steamy, passionate and over-the-top sex scenes that are alone worth reading the book for.   This story is told in flashbacks. Raze was brutally ripped from his home as a teenager and subjected to all kinds of physical and mental abuse at the hands of an underground fighting ring. He loses his memories of his family and his childhood and literally turns into a fighting machine, bent on revenge against the monster who put him away. These scenes in the underground are difficult, tough and gritty.   Raze has the vaguest memories of a girl who is Kisa, the daughter of a New York Russsian mobster. She, too, is condemned to a live of confinement as the fiancee of Alik, a sadisitic, brutal and controlling fighter. The stage is set for her past and her present to collide. Will she able to save Raze from almost-certain death? Will Raze ever remember Kisa, the only girl he ever loved?   "I've seen too many bad things with these eyes. This, I will feel in my heart."   There are scenes of incredible beauty in this book along with scenes so brutal they are difficult to get through. But all in all, this story kept me turning the pages to see where these characters' journeys would take them. I was cheering for Kisa to stand up to Alik and rooting for Raze to be able to find the peace he so desperately needed. If you like gritty fighter stories, then Raze is the book for you!
356	Khoa	good	3 1/2 stars!!   Dark. Dark. Dark. Those were my first thoughts upon finishing Raze. I love a good dark and gritty romance and Raze fits the bill. This book is filled with intense drama and brutal scenes of torture so be warned. I have a very strong threshold for dark reads, but there was an extra element that didn't quite sit well with me. That being said, this book has an incredibly creative storyline and some hot, steamy, passionate and over-the-top sex scenes that are alone worth reading the book for.   This story is told in flashbacks. Raze was brutally ripped from his home as a teenager and subjected to all kinds of physical and mental abuse at the hands of an underground fighting ring. He loses his memories of his family and his childhood and literally turns into a fighting machine, bent on revenge against the monster who put him away. These scenes in the underground are difficult, tough and gritty.   Raze has the vaguest memories of a girl who is Kisa, the daughter of a New York Russsian mobster. She, too, is condemned to a live of confinement as the fiancee of Alik, a sadisitic, brutal and controlling fighter. The stage is set for her past and her present to collide. Will she able to save Raze from almost-certain death? Will Raze ever remember Kisa, the only girl he ever loved?   "I've seen too many bad things with these eyes. This, I will feel in my heart."   There are scenes of incredible beauty in this book along with scenes so brutal they are difficult to get through. But all in all, this story kept me turning the pages to see where these characters' journeys would take them. I was cheering for Kisa to stand up to Alik and rooting for Raze to be able to find the peace he so desperately needed. If you like gritty fighter stories, then Raze is the book for you!
357	Lan	good	Whatever you think you know about this book, you're wrong!! Filled with THE most amazing plot twists and gorgeous moments, November 9 literally took my breath away, This book is on my favorites lists, not just of 2015 but of all time. It is absolutely unforgettable!!   I read this book in one sitting and was absolutely devastated when it ended!! The writing is so perfect, the story is so creative and the characters are so vivid that I felt like a piece of me was missing was I finished this book. I felt like I knew Ben and Fallon personally, that's how expressive Colleen Hoover's writing is.   Fallon is damaged goods, growing up in Hollywood and having survived both emotional and physical trauma when she and Ben meet.   "One of the things I always try to remind myself is that everyone has scars," she says. "A lot of them even worse than mine. The only difference is that mine are visible and most people's aren't."   Fallon and Ben are only teenagers when they first meet, literally on the eve of her big move to New York City. Could what Fallon feels for Ben be real and lasting? Only time will tell, as they make a pact to meet only once a year until she turns 23. No contact, no social media stalking, nothing, until their annual "dates". Fallon believes that this is the only way for her to be mature enough and self-reliant enough to be in a relationship with Ben. She is determined not to lose herself in a man.   But oh so much can happen in the time in between, and as the story unfolds from the past to the present, I began to realize what this book was really about. My heart broke for both Fallon and for Ben, and I was completely taken aback by the path this story took.   There are SO many memorable moments in this book, and they all took my breath away. Imagine think you have met your soul mate, only to see them once a year for the next few years! I wanted to scream at Fallon and Ben to grab onto their love and never let it go.   "Please say yes. Please tell me you aren't finished falling in love with me yet."   Don't miss November 9!! It is yet another flawless book from Colleen Hoover.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
357	Khoa	excellent	Whatever you think you know about this book, you're wrong!! Filled with THE most amazing plot twists and gorgeous moments, November 9 literally took my breath away, This book is on my favorites lists, not just of 2015 but of all time. It is absolutely unforgettable!!   I read this book in one sitting and was absolutely devastated when it ended!! The writing is so perfect, the story is so creative and the characters are so vivid that I felt like a piece of me was missing was I finished this book. I felt like I knew Ben and Fallon personally, that's how expressive Colleen Hoover's writing is.   Fallon is damaged goods, growing up in Hollywood and having survived both emotional and physical trauma when she and Ben meet.   "One of the things I always try to remind myself is that everyone has scars," she says. "A lot of them even worse than mine. The only difference is that mine are visible and most people's aren't."   Fallon and Ben are only teenagers when they first meet, literally on the eve of her big move to New York City. Could what Fallon feels for Ben be real and lasting? Only time will tell, as they make a pact to meet only once a year until she turns 23. No contact, no social media stalking, nothing, until their annual "dates". Fallon believes that this is the only way for her to be mature enough and self-reliant enough to be in a relationship with Ben. She is determined not to lose herself in a man.   But oh so much can happen in the time in between, and as the story unfolds from the past to the present, I began to realize what this book was really about. My heart broke for both Fallon and for Ben, and I was completely taken aback by the path this story took.   There are SO many memorable moments in this book, and they all took my breath away. Imagine think you have met your soul mate, only to see them once a year for the next few years! I wanted to scream at Fallon and Ben to grab onto their love and never let it go.   "Please say yes. Please tell me you aren't finished falling in love with me yet."   Don't miss November 9!! It is yet another flawless book from Colleen Hoover.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
358	Lan	average	4.5 stars!! Holy hotness!   The minute I saw Aleks Voinov's name in the acknowledgements, I knew I would LOVE this book, and I was right! His epic work Special Forces is one of my favorite books. Please heed the author warnings about Guns N' Boys, this is a dirrrrrrrty, homoerotic, violent crime thriller. But wow, what a ride! This book grabbed me from the first page an did not let go.   Seth is the son of a crime lord and is rescued and secreted home by the irresistibly sexy, dangerous and dominant Domenico. The two were childhood friends but hadn't seen or spoken to each other in years.   "Domenico was the human equivalent of his motorbike. Fast and dangerous, yet impossible to resist taking a ride on, even at the risk of getting hurt."   This book is a fast-paced, super-sexy, graphic and very intense story of two men in a forbidden relationship. Seth and Dom could not be more different, but yet find themselves drawn to each other. They must hide their relationship, and the underlying tension between these two had me on the edge of my seat.   There is a fantastic surprise for fans of the Dark Souls series!! Even if you haven't read the series, you will love the character of Sylvio. Guns N' Boys is a super-hot, incredibly well-written, steamy thriller. If you want to move outside your comfort zone and you love M/M books, then I highly recommend Guns n' Boys. There will be more books in this series and I absolutely cannot wait for the next installment!   For an EXCERPT and GIVEAWAY, go here --> The Book Bellas
358	Khoa	good	4.5 stars!! Holy hotness!   The minute I saw Aleks Voinov's name in the acknowledgements, I knew I would LOVE this book, and I was right! His epic work Special Forces is one of my favorite books. Please heed the author warnings about Guns N' Boys, this is a dirrrrrrrty, homoerotic, violent crime thriller. But wow, what a ride! This book grabbed me from the first page an did not let go.   Seth is the son of a crime lord and is rescued and secreted home by the irresistibly sexy, dangerous and dominant Domenico. The two were childhood friends but hadn't seen or spoken to each other in years.   "Domenico was the human equivalent of his motorbike. Fast and dangerous, yet impossible to resist taking a ride on, even at the risk of getting hurt."   This book is a fast-paced, super-sexy, graphic and very intense story of two men in a forbidden relationship. Seth and Dom could not be more different, but yet find themselves drawn to each other. They must hide their relationship, and the underlying tension between these two had me on the edge of my seat.   There is a fantastic surprise for fans of the Dark Souls series!! Even if you haven't read the series, you will love the character of Sylvio. Guns N' Boys is a super-hot, incredibly well-written, steamy thriller. If you want to move outside your comfort zone and you love M/M books, then I highly recommend Guns n' Boys. There will be more books in this series and I absolutely cannot wait for the next installment!   For an EXCERPT and GIVEAWAY, go here --> The Book Bellas
359	Lan	poor	3.5 - 4 stars!! Review to follow for blog tour.
359	Khoa	poor	3.5 - 4 stars!! Review to follow for blog tour.
360	Lan	average	4.5 Stars!!   WHOA!! Ricochet was un-putdownable!! Very, very dark, violent and sexy. Loved the fast-paced story. Great book for dark romance fans.   Told in dual POV's, Ricochet pulled me in from the first page and was one of those books that I could not put down. The storyline is very fresh, very original and very, very violent and dark. Which I totally loved.   Nick is hell-bent on the revenge of his family's violent death and Aubree is a pawn in his scheme. But she is trapped in a hellish world of her own, in a marriage to a sadistic, powerful man from whom she is all to relieved to escape.   Even before Nick abducts her, Aubree is fascinated with a mysterious masked man who warns Detroit's ruling elite that the city's criminal element is coming down:   "I'd become obsessed with him just the same. Behind that mask was a mastermind of the most notorious computer hacks the city had ever known. His bold threats, his willingness to take on my psychopathic husband, had turned him into my own personal fantasy.   Is Nick the same, myserious dark avenger? Ricochet is not your average dark-romance kidnap story. Nick is cruel to Aubree but she slowly becomes obsessed with him, and he with her. Even though she started out as just a faceless pawn in his game.   "I'd fallen in lust with a complete stranger, strictly on the basis that he happened to scare the shit out of my husband.   Aubree sees the hurt and pain behind Nick's rage and he slowly realizes that Aubree has suffered as well:   "I saw darkness in her beauty, and she saw beauty in my darkness. Yin and yang. Black and white. Beauty and scars; fury and forgiveness. She should've been my nemesis, but in her, I found something I didn't know I was looking for."   The law of the streets rule in this book and the action is gritty and unrelenting. And there is a HUGE twist at the end that I did not see coming. Ricochet is a great fast-paced, emotional, gritty and VERY sexy read that I highly recommend.
360	Khoa	good	4.5 Stars!!   WHOA!! Ricochet was un-putdownable!! Very, very dark, violent and sexy. Loved the fast-paced story. Great book for dark romance fans.   Told in dual POV's, Ricochet pulled me in from the first page and was one of those books that I could not put down. The storyline is very fresh, very original and very, very violent and dark. Which I totally loved.   Nick is hell-bent on the revenge of his family's violent death and Aubree is a pawn in his scheme. But she is trapped in a hellish world of her own, in a marriage to a sadistic, powerful man from whom she is all to relieved to escape.   Even before Nick abducts her, Aubree is fascinated with a mysterious masked man who warns Detroit's ruling elite that the city's criminal element is coming down:   "I'd become obsessed with him just the same. Behind that mask was a mastermind of the most notorious computer hacks the city had ever known. His bold threats, his willingness to take on my psychopathic husband, had turned him into my own personal fantasy.   Is Nick the same, myserious dark avenger? Ricochet is not your average dark-romance kidnap story. Nick is cruel to Aubree but she slowly becomes obsessed with him, and he with her. Even though she started out as just a faceless pawn in his game.   "I'd fallen in lust with a complete stranger, strictly on the basis that he happened to scare the shit out of my husband.   Aubree sees the hurt and pain behind Nick's rage and he slowly realizes that Aubree has suffered as well:   "I saw darkness in her beauty, and she saw beauty in my darkness. Yin and yang. Black and white. Beauty and scars; fury and forgiveness. She should've been my nemesis, but in her, I found something I didn't know I was looking for."   The law of the streets rule in this book and the action is gritty and unrelenting. And there is a HUGE twist at the end that I did not see coming. Ricochet is a great fast-paced, emotional, gritty and VERY sexy read that I highly recommend.
361	Lan	average	4.5 stars!!!   Cathy and I read this book together which has become a rarity lately! We both loved this book and found it to be a beautifully written, heartfelt story filled with amazing and memorable characters. And Gus, hello!! What an amazing guy!! Perfect. He's loyal, sexy, honest, hard-working and always there for Kate.   This book tackles some very sensitive subjects so this will be a completely spoiler-free review. Kate is very funny, tough on the outside, and gives a lesson in what's important in life to just about everyone she meets. Cathy is not a huge fan of mature young adult novels and even she loved this one!   "Katie didn't just look on the bright side, she lived there."   And let's not forget Keller. We loved Kate with Keller! Once their slow-build relationship picked up steam, they were irresistible together. The alternating POV's told in the form of diary entries worked great in this book and really gave great insight into each of the character's state of mind. Keller grew emotionally and matured over the course of the story which was a beautiful thing to see.   "Just when you think you know someone, they change. Or you change. Or maybe you both change. And that changes everything."   I loved the book and would have really adored more steamy scenes between Keller and Kate. Cathy would have liked a little deeper exploration into the music scene. But we both loved Bright Side and think that Ms. Holden is an amazingly talented writer.   There are many secrets in this book and you will really enjoy it much more if you don't know what they are. This book will make you laugh, cry and and get lost in the story. Don't miss this one. And we are doing a happy dance because it looks like Gus will be getting his own story next year! SQUEEE!!   "DO EPIC"
361	Khoa	good	4.5 stars!!!   Cathy and I read this book together which has become a rarity lately! We both loved this book and found it to be a beautifully written, heartfelt story filled with amazing and memorable characters. And Gus, hello!! What an amazing guy!! Perfect. He's loyal, sexy, honest, hard-working and always there for Kate.   This book tackles some very sensitive subjects so this will be a completely spoiler-free review. Kate is very funny, tough on the outside, and gives a lesson in what's important in life to just about everyone she meets. Cathy is not a huge fan of mature young adult novels and even she loved this one!   "Katie didn't just look on the bright side, she lived there."   And let's not forget Keller. We loved Kate with Keller! Once their slow-build relationship picked up steam, they were irresistible together. The alternating POV's told in the form of diary entries worked great in this book and really gave great insight into each of the character's state of mind. Keller grew emotionally and matured over the course of the story which was a beautiful thing to see.   "Just when you think you know someone, they change. Or you change. Or maybe you both change. And that changes everything."   I loved the book and would have really adored more steamy scenes between Keller and Kate. Cathy would have liked a little deeper exploration into the music scene. But we both loved Bright Side and think that Ms. Holden is an amazingly talented writer.   There are many secrets in this book and you will really enjoy it much more if you don't know what they are. This book will make you laugh, cry and and get lost in the story. Don't miss this one. And we are doing a happy dance because it looks like Gus will be getting his own story next year! SQUEEE!!   "DO EPIC"
362	Lan	average	Dark. Sexxxxxy. Incredibly hypnotic. Jethro is complex, dangerous and absolutely irresistible! Pepper Winters has woven a tale of deception, lust, danger and thrills, and the story keeps getting better and better. If you like getting lost in a book, I can't think of a better series than this one. These characters have totally gotten under my skin and I won't soon forget them. An absolute must-read!
362	Khoa	average	Dark. Sexxxxxy. Incredibly hypnotic. Jethro is complex, dangerous and absolutely irresistible! Pepper Winters has woven a tale of deception, lust, danger and thrills, and the story keeps getting better and better. If you like getting lost in a book, I can't think of a better series than this one. These characters have totally gotten under my skin and I won't soon forget them. An absolute must-read!
363	Lan	excellent	4.5 Stars!!   Sexy and totally addictive. Sustained is written in the unique Emma Chase style that I love! Ms. Chase "returns to her roots" in this super-sexy and funny story with lots of heart.   Ms. Chase really nails the male POV in SUSTAINED and she had me literally laughing out loud at Jake's inner monologue. He's a player, never letting his one-night stands stay past their first cup of morning coffee, and acting quite happy about the way his life is arranged.   "If you're my date, stick to what will turn you on. I'm not a therapist or Prince Charming - and I don't pretend to be."   Until Chelsea and her brood of six come crashing into his well-structured life, Jake never dreamed he'd be remotely interested in a relationship, let alone a ready-made family of six. Now I am not usually a fan of kids in my romance books. I have two big ones and let's just say I prefer a little escapism in my reading. But Ms. Chase makes the kids here such an integral part of the story that they were a delight to experience. There's no ridiculous babble or baby-talk but there are some tough scenes about raising teens, bullying and even just trying to find a moment alone with your significant other in the middle of chaos.   But SUSTAINED is at its best when Jake does the talking (or thinking!). Before he meets Chelsea, really all he wants is a warm body and some meaningless sex. A brief dry spell at the beginning of the story led to some of my favorite quotes:   "...You and Hanna are going to be monogamous for a while."   My eyes squint, 'cause I have no idea what he's saying.   "Hanna who?"   He waves his palm. "Hanna Hand."   Emma Chase writes some of best male POV's I have ever read. I absolutely loved how Jake evolved in this book from a callous playboy to a guy who realizes what's important in life. This book is expertly written, with a beautiful story, tons of steam and witty, fast-paced dialogue. Highly recommended!!   Favorite quote:   She frowns back. "And you sound like you don't respect philosophy very much."   "All philosophical questions can be answered with one concise statement."   Chelsea refills her glass. "Which is?"   "'Who gives a fuck?'"   She laughs, and it's an amazing sound.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
363	Khoa	excellent	4.5 Stars!!   Sexy and totally addictive. Sustained is written in the unique Emma Chase style that I love! Ms. Chase "returns to her roots" in this super-sexy and funny story with lots of heart.   Ms. Chase really nails the male POV in SUSTAINED and she had me literally laughing out loud at Jake's inner monologue. He's a player, never letting his one-night stands stay past their first cup of morning coffee, and acting quite happy about the way his life is arranged.   "If you're my date, stick to what will turn you on. I'm not a therapist or Prince Charming - and I don't pretend to be."   Until Chelsea and her brood of six come crashing into his well-structured life, Jake never dreamed he'd be remotely interested in a relationship, let alone a ready-made family of six. Now I am not usually a fan of kids in my romance books. I have two big ones and let's just say I prefer a little escapism in my reading. But Ms. Chase makes the kids here such an integral part of the story that they were a delight to experience. There's no ridiculous babble or baby-talk but there are some tough scenes about raising teens, bullying and even just trying to find a moment alone with your significant other in the middle of chaos.   But SUSTAINED is at its best when Jake does the talking (or thinking!). Before he meets Chelsea, really all he wants is a warm body and some meaningless sex. A brief dry spell at the beginning of the story led to some of my favorite quotes:   "...You and Hanna are going to be monogamous for a while."   My eyes squint, 'cause I have no idea what he's saying.   "Hanna who?"   He waves his palm. "Hanna Hand."   Emma Chase writes some of best male POV's I have ever read. I absolutely loved how Jake evolved in this book from a callous playboy to a guy who realizes what's important in life. This book is expertly written, with a beautiful story, tons of steam and witty, fast-paced dialogue. Highly recommended!!   Favorite quote:   She frowns back. "And you sound like you don't respect philosophy very much."   "All philosophical questions can be answered with one concise statement."   Chelsea refills her glass. "Which is?"   "'Who gives a fuck?'"   She laughs, and it's an amazing sound.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
364	Lan	average	"We shy away from the things that hurt us - that have hurt us in the past.   That's what scars are for. They protect the wounds. Cover them with thick, numb tissue so we'll never have to fell that same pain again. The bottom of my stump is one big, hard callus"   I absolutely adore Emma Chase! She is back with another super-sexy, witty and warm-hearted story that made me laugh at loud and tear up a bit.   Brent and Kennedy's story is sexy, funny, and completely endearing. Brent won me over and once again, Ms. Chase shows her skills at writing the male POV.   Brent Mason is a top lawyer and is totally surprised to see Kennedy Randolph again after many years. She was a sweet and nerdy girl who has now blossomed into a beautiful swan, who is also gorgeous, smart and his adversary in the courtroom.   Irresistible Brent sleeps around (a LOT) but never forgot his first love. Kennedy and Brent now face off in court in a high-profile case which added lots of opportunities for these two to really let the sparks fly. But it's the supporting cast of characters as well as the witty banter between these two that are central to this story. An interesting twist to the story is that Brent lost his leg in a childhood accident. He doesn't let this slow him down in ANY area of his life. This was a refreshing change of pace in an otherwise funny and sexy contemporary romance story.   Kennedy is scared of getting involved with Brent after all these years and the flashbacks to her teenage years, when she was bullied at school, are very poignant and form a stark contrast to the smart, successful attorney she is now. But Brent will stop at nothing to show Kennedy that she is the love of his life, and he is one determined guy!   "...I collapse on top of her, my bones turned to Jell-o.   When the aftershocks eventually ebb, she laughs. That tinkling, magical laugh that sings of contentment and tugs up my own lips in a responding smile.   Now that - that is how you start a f-cking trial."   Emma Chase's fans will eat this one up! Ms. Chase keeps up her winning streak with Appealed, a great entry in the Legal Briefs series.   "Commitment isn't always a burden, Brent. It can also be the source of unimaginable joy and satisfaction."   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
364	Khoa	good	"We shy away from the things that hurt us - that have hurt us in the past.   That's what scars are for. They protect the wounds. Cover them with thick, numb tissue so we'll never have to fell that same pain again. The bottom of my stump is one big, hard callus"   I absolutely adore Emma Chase! She is back with another super-sexy, witty and warm-hearted story that made me laugh at loud and tear up a bit.   Brent and Kennedy's story is sexy, funny, and completely endearing. Brent won me over and once again, Ms. Chase shows her skills at writing the male POV.   Brent Mason is a top lawyer and is totally surprised to see Kennedy Randolph again after many years. She was a sweet and nerdy girl who has now blossomed into a beautiful swan, who is also gorgeous, smart and his adversary in the courtroom.   Irresistible Brent sleeps around (a LOT) but never forgot his first love. Kennedy and Brent now face off in court in a high-profile case which added lots of opportunities for these two to really let the sparks fly. But it's the supporting cast of characters as well as the witty banter between these two that are central to this story. An interesting twist to the story is that Brent lost his leg in a childhood accident. He doesn't let this slow him down in ANY area of his life. This was a refreshing change of pace in an otherwise funny and sexy contemporary romance story.   Kennedy is scared of getting involved with Brent after all these years and the flashbacks to her teenage years, when she was bullied at school, are very poignant and form a stark contrast to the smart, successful attorney she is now. But Brent will stop at nothing to show Kennedy that she is the love of his life, and he is one determined guy!   "...I collapse on top of her, my bones turned to Jell-o.   When the aftershocks eventually ebb, she laughs. That tinkling, magical laugh that sings of contentment and tugs up my own lips in a responding smile.   Now that - that is how you start a f-cking trial."   Emma Chase's fans will eat this one up! Ms. Chase keeps up her winning streak with Appealed, a great entry in the Legal Briefs series.   "Commitment isn't always a burden, Brent. It can also be the source of unimaginable joy and satisfaction."   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
365	Lan	average	3 - 3.5 Stars   Emma Chase is one of my favorite authors but this story just did not click with me. I am in the minority on this one so you should defintely give this one a try! Lots of readers LOVE Stanton. A few inconsistencies in the timeline interfered with my enjoyment of the book and I found some of characters to be Southern stereotypes. I also didn't really feel the emotional connection between Stanton and Sofia. I absolutely adore this talented author and will always read her books! Ms. Chase has a very funny way with her male characters which I love. Definitely looking forward to the next books in this series.   (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
365	Khoa	average	3 - 3.5 Stars   Emma Chase is one of my favorite authors but this story just did not click with me. I am in the minority on this one so you should defintely give this one a try! Lots of readers LOVE Stanton. A few inconsistencies in the timeline interfered with my enjoyment of the book and I found some of characters to be Southern stereotypes. I also didn't really feel the emotional connection between Stanton and Sofia. I absolutely adore this talented author and will always read her books! Ms. Chase has a very funny way with her male characters which I love. Definitely looking forward to the next books in this series.   (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
366	Lan	good	6 stars!!   Magnificent and heart-stopping. This was my first reaction upon finishing Finding Eden, the continuation of Calder and Eden's story from Becoming Calder. Mia Sheridan has become one of my go-to favorite authors for creative story lines, heart-stopping emotion, and beautiful, glorious, sexy and REAL love scenes.   This will be a short review because both books should be read together and contain so many twists and turns, they are best read without knowing too much detail. Just know that the author answers all questions left open at the end of Becoming Calder, and delivers an incredibly satisfying conclusion for these two amazing characters.   Calder and Eden take an incredible journey and Ms. Sheridan lets you experience every heart-stopping second of it. Both books taken together are about staying strong, staying true to yourself even when everyone around you tells you something different, and overcoming incredible obstacles to find your one true love.   This isn't all hearts and flowers; there are some really steamy sex scenes along with some very brutal scenes of psychological and physical abuse. But the author really knows how to bring an epic love story to a wonderful conclusion and Finding Eden does all of that and more.   "And we'll spend as much time as we need just escaping from the world. That's our plan because I swear to you, my beautiful, sweet love, everyone deserves a love story that doesn't hurt."   In the end, Finding Eden is a story about forgiveness and learning to love yourself no matter what has happened to you in the past. Run, don't walk, to pick up a copy of both Becoming Calder and Finding Eden. Your life will be all the better for having read these books.   Favorite Quote (well, one of many!):   "We have to figure out how to forgive, not for the people who wronged us, but for us. We can't keep bitterness attached to our hearts because eventually, it might become part of us--so deeply ingrained we can't work it back out. I think we have to focus on the beauty we've been given in this life, and make that the thing that defines us."   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
366	Khoa	good	6 stars!!   Magnificent and heart-stopping. This was my first reaction upon finishing Finding Eden, the continuation of Calder and Eden's story from Becoming Calder. Mia Sheridan has become one of my go-to favorite authors for creative story lines, heart-stopping emotion, and beautiful, glorious, sexy and REAL love scenes.   This will be a short review because both books should be read together and contain so many twists and turns, they are best read without knowing too much detail. Just know that the author answers all questions left open at the end of Becoming Calder, and delivers an incredibly satisfying conclusion for these two amazing characters.   Calder and Eden take an incredible journey and Ms. Sheridan lets you experience every heart-stopping second of it. Both books taken together are about staying strong, staying true to yourself even when everyone around you tells you something different, and overcoming incredible obstacles to find your one true love.   This isn't all hearts and flowers; there are some really steamy sex scenes along with some very brutal scenes of psychological and physical abuse. But the author really knows how to bring an epic love story to a wonderful conclusion and Finding Eden does all of that and more.   "And we'll spend as much time as we need just escaping from the world. That's our plan because I swear to you, my beautiful, sweet love, everyone deserves a love story that doesn't hurt."   In the end, Finding Eden is a story about forgiveness and learning to love yourself no matter what has happened to you in the past. Run, don't walk, to pick up a copy of both Becoming Calder and Finding Eden. Your life will be all the better for having read these books.   Favorite Quote (well, one of many!):   "We have to figure out how to forgive, not for the people who wronged us, but for us. We can't keep bitterness attached to our hearts because eventually, it might become part of us--so deeply ingrained we can't work it back out. I think we have to focus on the beauty we've been given in this life, and make that the thing that defines us."   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
367	Lan	average	Many readers loved this book but it just wasn't for me. I am a fan of dark romance, dark erotica, romantic thrillers, the whole nine yards so the darker elements were fine for me but I just didn't connect with the main characters. I definitely suggest giving this book a try because the story has a lot of promise but there were just too many character and plot inconsistencies for me to become invested in the story. I will read the author's other books because they sound very interesting and readers whose opinion I trust have really loved her writing.
367	Khoa	average	Many readers loved this book but it just wasn't for me. I am a fan of dark romance, dark erotica, romantic thrillers, the whole nine yards so the darker elements were fine for me but I just didn't connect with the main characters. I definitely suggest giving this book a try because the story has a lot of promise but there were just too many character and plot inconsistencies for me to become invested in the story. I will read the author's other books because they sound very interesting and readers whose opinion I trust have really loved her writing.
368	Lan	good	I loved this book!! Pure enjoyment!! Love the humor, sexiness and behind-the-scenes look into the pop music business.   Brooklyn and Jason are forced to write and record a song together, but there's one tiny roadblock in their way - he can't stand her and she feels the same way about him! Jason is a broody, folksy musician whereas Brooklyn is a "pop princess". But she actually writes all of her own songs and is really a very warm, smart, funny, sarcastic woman who is lonely and wants to really experience love, not just write about it. Jason only sees the stereotype and is very judgmental toward her at first.   The Duet is very funny, witty, sexy and just plain un-put-downable. The author makes tons of pop culture references and give the reader lots of sneak peeks inside the business of producing popular music. The banter between Jason and Brooklyn is absolutely priceless and the story never sinks into sentimentality but instead stays fresh, modern and very, very witty.   Jason and Brooklyn begin a no-strings-attached sexual relationship which of course turns into much more for Brooklyn. I absolutely loved the sexy times between these two and I loved watching Jason's douche-y, "asshole-ian" (no, not a word!) facade slowly change. But he is hiding a whopper of a secret and I was sitting on the edge of my seat to see how this would play out.   The Duet is for sure a romantic comedy but it is much more. It is about accepting who you are, being true to yourself, always being honest and the importance of keeping your heart open to love. I love R.S. Grey and am totally excited to see that Brooklyn's sister Cammie, a brilliant architecture student, will be getting her own story with Grayson, one of Brooklyn's best friends! Bring it on!!
368	Khoa	good	I loved this book!! Pure enjoyment!! Love the humor, sexiness and behind-the-scenes look into the pop music business.   Brooklyn and Jason are forced to write and record a song together, but there's one tiny roadblock in their way - he can't stand her and she feels the same way about him! Jason is a broody, folksy musician whereas Brooklyn is a "pop princess". But she actually writes all of her own songs and is really a very warm, smart, funny, sarcastic woman who is lonely and wants to really experience love, not just write about it. Jason only sees the stereotype and is very judgmental toward her at first.   The Duet is very funny, witty, sexy and just plain un-put-downable. The author makes tons of pop culture references and give the reader lots of sneak peeks inside the business of producing popular music. The banter between Jason and Brooklyn is absolutely priceless and the story never sinks into sentimentality but instead stays fresh, modern and very, very witty.   Jason and Brooklyn begin a no-strings-attached sexual relationship which of course turns into much more for Brooklyn. I absolutely loved the sexy times between these two and I loved watching Jason's douche-y, "asshole-ian" (no, not a word!) facade slowly change. But he is hiding a whopper of a secret and I was sitting on the edge of my seat to see how this would play out.   The Duet is for sure a romantic comedy but it is much more. It is about accepting who you are, being true to yourself, always being honest and the importance of keeping your heart open to love. I love R.S. Grey and am totally excited to see that Brooklyn's sister Cammie, a brilliant architecture student, will be getting her own story with Grayson, one of Brooklyn's best friends! Bring it on!!
369	Lan	average	Great conclusion to Andrew and Aubrey's story in this surprisingly well-written installment. The emotions in the third installment of RD were deeper and the story was more detailed than the first two books in this series. I loved the characters. If you can suspend disbelief about working in a law firm, then you will love this series. Much of the legal part of the story was accurate enough, which was very refreshing. This series is a great, fairly fast read, filled with characters you love and characters you love to hate. Looking forward to much more from Whitney G.!!
369	Khoa	average	Great conclusion to Andrew and Aubrey's story in this surprisingly well-written installment. The emotions in the third installment of RD were deeper and the story was more detailed than the first two books in this series. I loved the characters. If you can suspend disbelief about working in a law firm, then you will love this series. Much of the legal part of the story was accurate enough, which was very refreshing. This series is a great, fairly fast read, filled with characters you love and characters you love to hate. Looking forward to much more from Whitney G.!!
370	Lan	average	I love books that give an alternate POV so Killer Queen was just the right story for me. You can absolutely read this as a standalone - but L.H. Cosway is such a talented writer that you should give Painted Faces a try, too. Nicholas is such a memorable and haunting character that I will always remember him. Beautiful, sexy, sensitive, angry and loving -- he is all these things and more.   "I like to think of myself as a wonderful and unique snowflake."   Killer Queen is basically Nicholas' POV along with some additional scenes. You really gain a lot of insight into Nicholas' character in this book and the Epilogue is absolutely fantastic. This is a very, very unique story - definitely not your standard contemporary romance - and it will change the way you look at gender and sexuality and men and women. I also loved the added touch of song lyrics at the beginning of each chapter to really match the tone of the story.   I love L.H. Cosway's writing and have every one of her books on my Kindle. Can't wait to read more by this incredibly gifted author.   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
370	Khoa	average	I love books that give an alternate POV so Killer Queen was just the right story for me. You can absolutely read this as a standalone - but L.H. Cosway is such a talented writer that you should give Painted Faces a try, too. Nicholas is such a memorable and haunting character that I will always remember him. Beautiful, sexy, sensitive, angry and loving -- he is all these things and more.   "I like to think of myself as a wonderful and unique snowflake."   Killer Queen is basically Nicholas' POV along with some additional scenes. You really gain a lot of insight into Nicholas' character in this book and the Epilogue is absolutely fantastic. This is a very, very unique story - definitely not your standard contemporary romance - and it will change the way you look at gender and sexuality and men and women. I also loved the added touch of song lyrics at the beginning of each chapter to really match the tone of the story.   I love L.H. Cosway's writing and have every one of her books on my Kindle. Can't wait to read more by this incredibly gifted author.   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
371	Lan	average	3.5 Stars   Kate McCarthy is a favorite author of mine but surprisingly this book just did not do it for me. Although the book features a very strong heroine and and a talented but tortured hero, which I loved, the plot of this book fell flat for me and the so-called scandal was absolutely not scandalous in my eyes at all. Lots of readers fell in love with this book so definitely give this one a try and judge for yourself. I adore Kate McCarthy (Redemption is one of my top favorites) and look forward to her next book!
371	Khoa	average	3.5 Stars   Kate McCarthy is a favorite author of mine but surprisingly this book just did not do it for me. Although the book features a very strong heroine and and a talented but tortured hero, which I loved, the plot of this book fell flat for me and the so-called scandal was absolutely not scandalous in my eyes at all. Lots of readers fell in love with this book so definitely give this one a try and judge for yourself. I adore Kate McCarthy (Redemption is one of my top favorites) and look forward to her next book!
372	Lan	average	5 stars!!!   "I squeezed him tight, because I already had what I wanted. Him. This. Us. Unfortunately, fantasies are for children and I was a grown woman. I should've known it wouldn't last."   We are HUGE fans of Joanna Wylde's Reapers' Motorcycle Club series and Reaper's Stand might be our favorite book in the series so far! And that's saying a lot because each of these books are fantastic. But Picnic's story is grittier, edgier, meaner...and hello, we love that he is a bit older and has certainly lived a rough life. He has sex with loads of women since the death of his beloved wife, won't be tied down, but then meets London, who is a strong, independent woman. She has lots of burdens to bear and tries to make a go of things with out Picnic's help, but when these two get together...WOW. He's bad-ass, tough, sexy but funny and this story is one you just can't put down.   "Just let me be strong for you for a minute, okay?" He said softly. "You've held on for a long time, sweetheart. Nobody can say you haven't been strong. But it's been a hell of a night, so why don't you let me hold you and help you right now, okay?"   We found this book to be incredibly hot and sexy and much darker than most of the other books in this series. We absolutely loved these two together and Reaper's Stand is one of our favorite MC stories. It is violent but it is also real and the funny moments add some much-needed levity to the tense storyline. And the tease at the end...oh my lord!! The author gives us a peek at the next book in a new series and we cannot WAIT!!   *ARC provided by publisher in exchange for an honest review*
372	Khoa	good	5 stars!!!   "I squeezed him tight, because I already had what I wanted. Him. This. Us. Unfortunately, fantasies are for children and I was a grown woman. I should've known it wouldn't last."   We are HUGE fans of Joanna Wylde's Reapers' Motorcycle Club series and Reaper's Stand might be our favorite book in the series so far! And that's saying a lot because each of these books are fantastic. But Picnic's story is grittier, edgier, meaner...and hello, we love that he is a bit older and has certainly lived a rough life. He has sex with loads of women since the death of his beloved wife, won't be tied down, but then meets London, who is a strong, independent woman. She has lots of burdens to bear and tries to make a go of things with out Picnic's help, but when these two get together...WOW. He's bad-ass, tough, sexy but funny and this story is one you just can't put down.   "Just let me be strong for you for a minute, okay?" He said softly. "You've held on for a long time, sweetheart. Nobody can say you haven't been strong. But it's been a hell of a night, so why don't you let me hold you and help you right now, okay?"   We found this book to be incredibly hot and sexy and much darker than most of the other books in this series. We absolutely loved these two together and Reaper's Stand is one of our favorite MC stories. It is violent but it is also real and the funny moments add some much-needed levity to the tense storyline. And the tease at the end...oh my lord!! The author gives us a peek at the next book in a new series and we cannot WAIT!!   *ARC provided by publisher in exchange for an honest review*
373	Lan	poor	4.5 stars!! Delicious M/M contemporary romance with absolutely fantastic, VERY Alpha protagonists. Review to follow shortly.
373	Khoa	poor	4.5 stars!! Delicious M/M contemporary romance with absolutely fantastic, VERY Alpha protagonists. Review to follow shortly.
374	Lan	good	Stepbrother Dearest is, to put it simply, one of my favorite books this year. I am trying to avoid using the word epic here as it has been overused a bit, but this story took me on an incredible journey that left me nothing short of anxious, elated, enchanted and drained. Penelope Ward is hands down one of my favorite authors and this book is an absolute must read.   The story follows Greta and Elec who are step-siblings. But like all of Ms. Ward's books, there are many layers and nuances to this book and nothing is quite as it seems.   "I won't give you exactly the same thing...but I can give you more. Okay? I can give you better. It may be one night, but I will make every second count."   Although Elec is her stepbrother, I really didn't feel that Greta's love for him was forbidden. You will have to read the book and judge for yourself on that one. What I did feel was the incredible sexual tension, emotion, surprise, and yes, even humor in Ms. Ward's writing.   "Nowadays, every single guy seemed to pale in comparison to Elec on the physical attraction meter. I wanted to crush that meter with a sledgehammer."   Greta is smart, quirky, funny and compassionate. Elec is angry, cocky, sexy and irresistible. Slowly but surely, Greta begins to see behind his angry facade and they eventually form a deep bond.   "... I thought about how ironic it was that this guy who'd done nothing but try to chase me away and intimidate me was the one person in the world I felt like I wanted to protect."   But this is only in the first part of the book! In true Penelope Ward style, STEPBROTHER DEAREST is a richly woven tale that spans many years. The characters grow, move on, and the story almost loops back on itself. No spoilers here, just read this sexy, funny, emotional and fascinating story for yourself. And be prepared to have your heart stolen by Elec.   (*ARC kindly provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
374	Khoa	good	Stepbrother Dearest is, to put it simply, one of my favorite books this year. I am trying to avoid using the word epic here as it has been overused a bit, but this story took me on an incredible journey that left me nothing short of anxious, elated, enchanted and drained. Penelope Ward is hands down one of my favorite authors and this book is an absolute must read.   The story follows Greta and Elec who are step-siblings. But like all of Ms. Ward's books, there are many layers and nuances to this book and nothing is quite as it seems.   "I won't give you exactly the same thing...but I can give you more. Okay? I can give you better. It may be one night, but I will make every second count."   Although Elec is her stepbrother, I really didn't feel that Greta's love for him was forbidden. You will have to read the book and judge for yourself on that one. What I did feel was the incredible sexual tension, emotion, surprise, and yes, even humor in Ms. Ward's writing.   "Nowadays, every single guy seemed to pale in comparison to Elec on the physical attraction meter. I wanted to crush that meter with a sledgehammer."   Greta is smart, quirky, funny and compassionate. Elec is angry, cocky, sexy and irresistible. Slowly but surely, Greta begins to see behind his angry facade and they eventually form a deep bond.   "... I thought about how ironic it was that this guy who'd done nothing but try to chase me away and intimidate me was the one person in the world I felt like I wanted to protect."   But this is only in the first part of the book! In true Penelope Ward style, STEPBROTHER DEAREST is a richly woven tale that spans many years. The characters grow, move on, and the story almost loops back on itself. No spoilers here, just read this sexy, funny, emotional and fascinating story for yourself. And be prepared to have your heart stolen by Elec.   (*ARC kindly provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
375	Lan	average	4.5 scorching hot stars!!   This was my first book by Nalini Singh and it is a passionate, emotional, sexy and fulfilling story. I loved this book! The writing is incredibly sexy, beginning right from almost the first page when sexy-as-hell rock god Fox meets the shy librarian Molly at a party. It might sound cliched but the story is so well written, and the characters so well-developed, that I was drawn in immediately.   Molly has her reasons for staying out of the spotlight so a good part of the book is spent with her anquishing over stepping into the public arena with a world-famous musician. But she is powerless to resist Fox, a man who knows what he wants and goes after it. This book is fast-paced and takes the reader around the globe to New Zealand, Australia and California. And the supporting characters are fantastic, from Molly's best friend Charlotte to all of the other band members. Can't wait to read more about all these characters.   This was a wonderful story and the sex is incredibly HOT!! The book also created the oh-so-important emotional connection between the main characters. I also absolutely fell in love with Fox! This story is a must-read and is a great begninning to a new series. Highly recommended to all fans of contemporary romance.
375	Khoa	average	4.5 scorching hot stars!!   This was my first book by Nalini Singh and it is a passionate, emotional, sexy and fulfilling story. I loved this book! The writing is incredibly sexy, beginning right from almost the first page when sexy-as-hell rock god Fox meets the shy librarian Molly at a party. It might sound cliched but the story is so well written, and the characters so well-developed, that I was drawn in immediately.   Molly has her reasons for staying out of the spotlight so a good part of the book is spent with her anquishing over stepping into the public arena with a world-famous musician. But she is powerless to resist Fox, a man who knows what he wants and goes after it. This book is fast-paced and takes the reader around the globe to New Zealand, Australia and California. And the supporting characters are fantastic, from Molly's best friend Charlotte to all of the other band members. Can't wait to read more about all these characters.   This was a wonderful story and the sex is incredibly HOT!! The book also created the oh-so-important emotional connection between the main characters. I also absolutely fell in love with Fox! This story is a must-read and is a great begninning to a new series. Highly recommended to all fans of contemporary romance.
376	Lan	average	WHOA!! What a ride! Fantastic story. To say it is unexpected is an understatement. Stayed up all night to finish. READ THIS BOOK!   These were my first thoughts upon finishing this book, an ARC of which was graciously provided by the author. Why was I on her ARC list? No clue. But I thank her from the bottom of my heart. This is an original story, with well-written, fully-developed characters, and clever twists and turns which forged a connection between the book and myself. Am I gushing? Yes. Because there are SO many books today that have cookie-cutter plots with cliche characters, I find it incredibly refreshing to come across a story like Black Lies.   There is no plot or character discussion here. Read the synopsis. That's all you need. Was this a 100% perfect story? No. But it is absolutely one of the best books I have read this year and I applaud Ms. Torre for her story.   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
376	Khoa	average	WHOA!! What a ride! Fantastic story. To say it is unexpected is an understatement. Stayed up all night to finish. READ THIS BOOK!   These were my first thoughts upon finishing this book, an ARC of which was graciously provided by the author. Why was I on her ARC list? No clue. But I thank her from the bottom of my heart. This is an original story, with well-written, fully-developed characters, and clever twists and turns which forged a connection between the book and myself. Am I gushing? Yes. Because there are SO many books today that have cookie-cutter plots with cliche characters, I find it incredibly refreshing to come across a story like Black Lies.   There is no plot or character discussion here. Read the synopsis. That's all you need. Was this a 100% perfect story? No. But it is absolutely one of the best books I have read this year and I applaud Ms. Torre for her story.   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
377	Lan	good	5 thrilling stars!!!   Gritty. Raw. Suspenseful. SEXY. Come take a wild ride through the author's City of Angels, and enjoy every second of the hot and thrilling rollercoaster ride. Antonio and Theresa got under my skin and I can't wait for even more of their story.   Ruin begins shortly after Spin ended. Theresa has become incredibly determined and strong and will do anything, ANYTHING, to protect and stay with Antonio. But he is lethal, dangerous and also determined to keep Theresa out of harm's way. Not an easy feat when the mafia is out ot get you and no one is to be trusted.   Theresa is still close to her family and Antonio "Spin" is acutely aware of that. But he will do whatever it takes to keep her safe, even when the things quite literally start to spin out of control. He tries to keep her isolated but she will have none of that and his carefully-crafted plans begin to quickly unravel and escalate to an incredibly satisfying conclusion.   This is an action-packed, super-hot and sexy story. The writing is gorgeous and spare. There are no flowery words, no gushing declarations in the world of Antonio Spinelli. But surprisingly, there is humor, which provides a welcome relief from the near-constant state of tension and almost primal sexual urges. Spin loves Theresa in his own way, and they are both completely obsessed with each other and cannot stay apart.   "You're from a different world , but you smell like home to me. I haven't been to Napoli in ten years, but whenever you're near me, I smell olive flowers. My heart gets sick with thirst, and the water is poison."   I can't stop thinking about Spin and Theresa. C.D. Reiss has become one of my favorite writers and I absolutely cannot wait for the next installment in this series.   (*ARC reviewed from NetGalley.)
377	Khoa	good	5 thrilling stars!!!   Gritty. Raw. Suspenseful. SEXY. Come take a wild ride through the author's City of Angels, and enjoy every second of the hot and thrilling rollercoaster ride. Antonio and Theresa got under my skin and I can't wait for even more of their story.   Ruin begins shortly after Spin ended. Theresa has become incredibly determined and strong and will do anything, ANYTHING, to protect and stay with Antonio. But he is lethal, dangerous and also determined to keep Theresa out of harm's way. Not an easy feat when the mafia is out ot get you and no one is to be trusted.   Theresa is still close to her family and Antonio "Spin" is acutely aware of that. But he will do whatever it takes to keep her safe, even when the things quite literally start to spin out of control. He tries to keep her isolated but she will have none of that and his carefully-crafted plans begin to quickly unravel and escalate to an incredibly satisfying conclusion.   This is an action-packed, super-hot and sexy story. The writing is gorgeous and spare. There are no flowery words, no gushing declarations in the world of Antonio Spinelli. But surprisingly, there is humor, which provides a welcome relief from the near-constant state of tension and almost primal sexual urges. Spin loves Theresa in his own way, and they are both completely obsessed with each other and cannot stay apart.   "You're from a different world , but you smell like home to me. I haven't been to Napoli in ten years, but whenever you're near me, I smell olive flowers. My heart gets sick with thirst, and the water is poison."   I can't stop thinking about Spin and Theresa. C.D. Reiss has become one of my favorite writers and I absolutely cannot wait for the next installment in this series.   (*ARC reviewed from NetGalley.)
378	Lan	average	LOVED IT!!! Refreshingly funny, sweet and sexy!   The Stage Dive series is one of my favorite series and Lead is an absolute delight. Sexy, refreshingly funny and smart, Lead not only features the achingly beautiful Jimmy, it also introduces us to the fabulous Lena, who in my opinion could be every woman's new best friend. Honest, funny and real, Kylie Scott has written a completely relatable heroine who at times broke my heart and other times had me laughing at loud.   Lena knew that Jimmy would be her Achilles heel almost from the get-go when she is hired to be his assistant and sobriety companion.   "Whatever else he might be, Jimmy Ferris was special and complicated, beautiful and beastly, all rolled into one. A natural-born performer."   Lena struggles to fit in to the rest of the band dynamics and all the sexy couples of the Stage Dive family. She is tenacious, hilarious and completely turned on and attracted to Jimmy, but the real Jimmy, not the rock-star persona.   "My heroin was six-foot-one and gorgeous as sin."   Lena has had her share of heartache, and is afraid that Jimmy will steal her heart away while she is working as his assistant and stomp on it in the process. I absolutely loved how strong Lena was and how she really stayed true to herself and did not try to hide her true feelings for Jimmy. Will these two get their happy ending that they so desperately deserve?   "Love was truly one of life's mysteries. That it could f@@@ you five ways to Sunday and still remain so utterly perplexing and unknown was kind of impressive. I guess."   Lead is a fabulous summer read and Kylie Scott is one of my favorite writers. Enjoy Lead, you will fall in love with Jimmy!!   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
378	Khoa	average	LOVED IT!!! Refreshingly funny, sweet and sexy!   The Stage Dive series is one of my favorite series and Lead is an absolute delight. Sexy, refreshingly funny and smart, Lead not only features the achingly beautiful Jimmy, it also introduces us to the fabulous Lena, who in my opinion could be every woman's new best friend. Honest, funny and real, Kylie Scott has written a completely relatable heroine who at times broke my heart and other times had me laughing at loud.   Lena knew that Jimmy would be her Achilles heel almost from the get-go when she is hired to be his assistant and sobriety companion.   "Whatever else he might be, Jimmy Ferris was special and complicated, beautiful and beastly, all rolled into one. A natural-born performer."   Lena struggles to fit in to the rest of the band dynamics and all the sexy couples of the Stage Dive family. She is tenacious, hilarious and completely turned on and attracted to Jimmy, but the real Jimmy, not the rock-star persona.   "My heroin was six-foot-one and gorgeous as sin."   Lena has had her share of heartache, and is afraid that Jimmy will steal her heart away while she is working as his assistant and stomp on it in the process. I absolutely loved how strong Lena was and how she really stayed true to herself and did not try to hide her true feelings for Jimmy. Will these two get their happy ending that they so desperately deserve?   "Love was truly one of life's mysteries. That it could f@@@ you five ways to Sunday and still remain so utterly perplexing and unknown was kind of impressive. I guess."   Lead is a fabulous summer read and Kylie Scott is one of my favorite writers. Enjoy Lead, you will fall in love with Jimmy!!   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
379	Lan	average	I LOVED this funny, sexy romance from Amber L. Johnson! The story is fresh and creative and I absolutely fell in love with Andrew. What starts off as cute storyline turns into a lovely, sweet and very, very funny story about overworked Gwen, who is struggling to manage raising two young children on her own, and Andrew, a wealthy, seemingly carefree guy, who must get a job and really wants to become responsible and self-sufficient and please his cold and distant father.   Eight Days a Week is a fantastic "lighter" read, with an unexpected storyline and interesting characters. My heart ached for Andrew; he has spent his life trying to please his parents and live up to his "perfect" older sister. He sees his chance at redemption when he becomes "manny" for Gwen's young family and actually finds something he is very good at. The children love him and of course, he is madly attracted to Gwen. But they both decide not to pursue their insane chemistry for the sake of the children, because what would happen if they broke up?   Will these two be able to love each other and keep their new family together? I adore Amber Johnson's writing style and was laughing out loud as well as totally swooning many times during this book. The sexy times are HOT and Andrew really has it all: looks, brains and talent. What woman wouldn't fall for him? I loved this book and highly recommend it for all fans of sexy, funny contemporary romance.
379	Khoa	average	I LOVED this funny, sexy romance from Amber L. Johnson! The story is fresh and creative and I absolutely fell in love with Andrew. What starts off as cute storyline turns into a lovely, sweet and very, very funny story about overworked Gwen, who is struggling to manage raising two young children on her own, and Andrew, a wealthy, seemingly carefree guy, who must get a job and really wants to become responsible and self-sufficient and please his cold and distant father.   Eight Days a Week is a fantastic "lighter" read, with an unexpected storyline and interesting characters. My heart ached for Andrew; he has spent his life trying to please his parents and live up to his "perfect" older sister. He sees his chance at redemption when he becomes "manny" for Gwen's young family and actually finds something he is very good at. The children love him and of course, he is madly attracted to Gwen. But they both decide not to pursue their insane chemistry for the sake of the children, because what would happen if they broke up?   Will these two be able to love each other and keep their new family together? I adore Amber Johnson's writing style and was laughing out loud as well as totally swooning many times during this book. The sexy times are HOT and Andrew really has it all: looks, brains and talent. What woman wouldn't fall for him? I loved this book and highly recommend it for all fans of sexy, funny contemporary romance.
380	Lan	good	First, I was very pleasantly suprised at the steam factor in this book! And Thomas Maddox is a memorable character, that's for sure.   I really liked the romantic suspense aspect of this story, and I really admire the author for writing a strong female character. Oh look, it's okay to be a workaholic and be a professional! I am on board with female characters who are not just window-dressing or who do nothing but sorrt of flit around the story. But I digress.   Liis and Thomas do connect early on, but it really works in this book. Jamie can really write a steamy hot sex scene and I can't wait to read more of this from her!Liis is smart but she is pretty insecure in her personal life.   I'd gone from feeling sexy and desired to an embarassingly eager, cheap score.   Liis and Thomas must later work together as FBI agents and this aspect of the story was very fast-paced and interesting. Liis, like Thomas, is devoted to her work which has not left much time for a personal life.   "Ah. You're married to the job. Betty Bureau."   Thomas is a total hard-ass and has a notorious reputation for being impossible to work for. Will he soften for Liis? I loved seeing the other Maddox brothers make an appearance here, but make no mistake, this was Thomas' story through and through. This book is fast-paced, sexy, very romantic and a must-read for Jamie McGuire fans.   Favorite quote:   "You can love someone without wanting to be with them. Just like you can want to be with someone before you love then."   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
380	Khoa	good	First, I was very pleasantly suprised at the steam factor in this book! And Thomas Maddox is a memorable character, that's for sure.   I really liked the romantic suspense aspect of this story, and I really admire the author for writing a strong female character. Oh look, it's okay to be a workaholic and be a professional! I am on board with female characters who are not just window-dressing or who do nothing but sorrt of flit around the story. But I digress.   Liis and Thomas do connect early on, but it really works in this book. Jamie can really write a steamy hot sex scene and I can't wait to read more of this from her!Liis is smart but she is pretty insecure in her personal life.   I'd gone from feeling sexy and desired to an embarassingly eager, cheap score.   Liis and Thomas must later work together as FBI agents and this aspect of the story was very fast-paced and interesting. Liis, like Thomas, is devoted to her work which has not left much time for a personal life.   "Ah. You're married to the job. Betty Bureau."   Thomas is a total hard-ass and has a notorious reputation for being impossible to work for. Will he soften for Liis? I loved seeing the other Maddox brothers make an appearance here, but make no mistake, this was Thomas' story through and through. This book is fast-paced, sexy, very romantic and a must-read for Jamie McGuire fans.   Favorite quote:   "You can love someone without wanting to be with them. Just like you can want to be with someone before you love then."   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
381	Lan	good	4.5 pounding-hot stars!! Seriously thrilling and addictive.   This is the first book I have read by this writing duo and it certainly won't be the last! This is a gritty, thrilling and addictive story. Please note the series name - SEX and MAYHEM, and there's plenty of both!   This is a M/M Motorcycle Club book with a twist: Stitch, is a closeted gay biker. His MC is seriously homophobic and he is not out to his ex-wife or to his family. This guy is sex on a stick and and when he meets the sexy and alluring Zak, all bets are off. Zak is a tattoo artist and is completely out. They have explosive chemistry and these sex scenes are absolutely among the top 5 hottest scenes I have ever read. What begins as a sex-only relationship gradually builds into something more. Stitch grows as a character and little by little comes face to face with his own sexuality.   "I had a bad night. All I wanted was to come home to you."   Stitch and Zak have an intensely passionate relationship but Stitch still will not admit that he is gay. He imposes secrets and restrictions on Zak and Zak quite naturally rebels and much sex and mayhem ensues. I found this book to be incredibly gripping and the writing style fast-paced, gritty and intensely sexual.   Make no mistake, this book is incredibly violent and graphic. It is also filled with what I found to be highly erotic m/m sex and irresistible characters. I absolutely loved this very dark and emotional story and can't wait to read more from these authors!   (*ARC received from the authors in return for an honest review)
381	Khoa	good	4.5 pounding-hot stars!! Seriously thrilling and addictive.   This is the first book I have read by this writing duo and it certainly won't be the last! This is a gritty, thrilling and addictive story. Please note the series name - SEX and MAYHEM, and there's plenty of both!   This is a M/M Motorcycle Club book with a twist: Stitch, is a closeted gay biker. His MC is seriously homophobic and he is not out to his ex-wife or to his family. This guy is sex on a stick and and when he meets the sexy and alluring Zak, all bets are off. Zak is a tattoo artist and is completely out. They have explosive chemistry and these sex scenes are absolutely among the top 5 hottest scenes I have ever read. What begins as a sex-only relationship gradually builds into something more. Stitch grows as a character and little by little comes face to face with his own sexuality.   "I had a bad night. All I wanted was to come home to you."   Stitch and Zak have an intensely passionate relationship but Stitch still will not admit that he is gay. He imposes secrets and restrictions on Zak and Zak quite naturally rebels and much sex and mayhem ensues. I found this book to be incredibly gripping and the writing style fast-paced, gritty and intensely sexual.   Make no mistake, this book is incredibly violent and graphic. It is also filled with what I found to be highly erotic m/m sex and irresistible characters. I absolutely loved this very dark and emotional story and can't wait to read more from these authors!   (*ARC received from the authors in return for an honest review)
382	Lan	average	Suspenseful doesn't even begin to describe this book. DO NOT DISTURB is a thrilling, dark, sexy and fast-paced story with a twist! If you are looking for a dark, smart and erotic story, then DO NOT DISTURB is the book for you.   This book is the sequel to THE GIRL IN 6E, a fantastic and surprising story which I recommend that you read immediately!! The author continues the story of Deanna in DO NOT DISTURB and her story is intertwined with another character who might, just might, be as dark and disturbed as she is. But where Deanna tries her best to keep her dark nature hidden away and under control (barely), this new character does not. He is plain evil. The author has done a masterful job at building suspense and anticipation in this book and the plot twists are fantastic. This is a smart and twisted book and definitely NOT for the faint of heart.   Deanna is faced with danger here in the form of an unhappy client. Will he outsmart the brilliant Deanna and pierce the layers of protection she has built of around her? Will Deanna finally find some semblance of normalcy with the sexy and understanding Jeremy? Once again, the author writes a brilliant story that answers all these questions without talking down to the reader and without coming to any false conclusions. The tensions are high and the sexy times are brilliantly erotic. I haven't stopped thinking about these characters! I amy dying (well, not literally) for another book in this series!! Don't miss DO NOT DISTURB, it is a must-read book that will keep you on the edge of your seat!!   Favorite quote:   "Life is never a precious as when it is threatened."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
382	Khoa	good	Suspenseful doesn't even begin to describe this book. DO NOT DISTURB is a thrilling, dark, sexy and fast-paced story with a twist! If you are looking for a dark, smart and erotic story, then DO NOT DISTURB is the book for you.   This book is the sequel to THE GIRL IN 6E, a fantastic and surprising story which I recommend that you read immediately!! The author continues the story of Deanna in DO NOT DISTURB and her story is intertwined with another character who might, just might, be as dark and disturbed as she is. But where Deanna tries her best to keep her dark nature hidden away and under control (barely), this new character does not. He is plain evil. The author has done a masterful job at building suspense and anticipation in this book and the plot twists are fantastic. This is a smart and twisted book and definitely NOT for the faint of heart.   Deanna is faced with danger here in the form of an unhappy client. Will he outsmart the brilliant Deanna and pierce the layers of protection she has built of around her? Will Deanna finally find some semblance of normalcy with the sexy and understanding Jeremy? Once again, the author writes a brilliant story that answers all these questions without talking down to the reader and without coming to any false conclusions. The tensions are high and the sexy times are brilliantly erotic. I haven't stopped thinking about these characters! I amy dying (well, not literally) for another book in this series!! Don't miss DO NOT DISTURB, it is a must-read book that will keep you on the edge of your seat!!   Favorite quote:   "Life is never a precious as when it is threatened."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
383	Lan	average	Wow! Break the Sky is a brilliant, rich and SCORCHING hot storm of a story that will make new fans of Nina Lane. Kelsey and Archer were seen in the earlier Spiral of Bliss books but you do NOT have to read those books first (although they are fantastic and I highly recommend reading them NOW!!) One of my favorite couples, Dean and Liv, make an appearance here but the center of this amazing book is the stormy relationship between Kelsey and Archer.   "I swallowed to ease the dryness in my throat.   'Do you always let fate decisions for you?'   'Fate makes better decisions than I do.' "   Archer has always been a screw-up, an angry (and rightfully so), rootless man, drifting from job to job and never able to commit to much. He rides into the town of Mirror Lake already a changed man but his brother Dean only sees the old Archer, the addict and the womanizer. Enter Kelsey, the tightly-wound meteorology professor who needs to let go a little, and who knows that Archer is everything she should avoid.   "He could push me to my limits and protect me the entire time."   Kelsey and Archer immediately strike a "deal", agreeing to a temporary relationship while he is visiting with Dean and Liv. Suffice it to say, they both get more than they bargained for and both learn to see behind the other's facade and get to what's real and honest. All of this plays out against the almost-fairytale-like setting of Mirror Lake, which adds a very special magic to this incredibly sexy and adult story.   I must say that I absolutely love how Nina Lane can write about the world of college academics on the one hand and then turn around give us one of the dirtiest-talking characters EVER! (Phone sex, hello!) Archer is all man, commanding, bossy and completely honest with Kelsey. I found their relationship to be completely real and perfectly developed. I also loved the way Archer and Dean's relationship grew throughout this story, and the way Archer really matured and came to terms with his past.   BREAK THE SKY is tender, sexy, funny and incredibly satisfying. Another must-read from Ms. Nina Lane!   *ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review*
383	Khoa	good	Wow! Break the Sky is a brilliant, rich and SCORCHING hot storm of a story that will make new fans of Nina Lane. Kelsey and Archer were seen in the earlier Spiral of Bliss books but you do NOT have to read those books first (although they are fantastic and I highly recommend reading them NOW!!) One of my favorite couples, Dean and Liv, make an appearance here but the center of this amazing book is the stormy relationship between Kelsey and Archer.   "I swallowed to ease the dryness in my throat.   'Do you always let fate decisions for you?'   'Fate makes better decisions than I do.' "   Archer has always been a screw-up, an angry (and rightfully so), rootless man, drifting from job to job and never able to commit to much. He rides into the town of Mirror Lake already a changed man but his brother Dean only sees the old Archer, the addict and the womanizer. Enter Kelsey, the tightly-wound meteorology professor who needs to let go a little, and who knows that Archer is everything she should avoid.   "He could push me to my limits and protect me the entire time."   Kelsey and Archer immediately strike a "deal", agreeing to a temporary relationship while he is visiting with Dean and Liv. Suffice it to say, they both get more than they bargained for and both learn to see behind the other's facade and get to what's real and honest. All of this plays out against the almost-fairytale-like setting of Mirror Lake, which adds a very special magic to this incredibly sexy and adult story.   I must say that I absolutely love how Nina Lane can write about the world of college academics on the one hand and then turn around give us one of the dirtiest-talking characters EVER! (Phone sex, hello!) Archer is all man, commanding, bossy and completely honest with Kelsey. I found their relationship to be completely real and perfectly developed. I also loved the way Archer and Dean's relationship grew throughout this story, and the way Archer really matured and came to terms with his past.   BREAK THE SKY is tender, sexy, funny and incredibly satisfying. Another must-read from Ms. Nina Lane!   *ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review*
384	Lan	average	Super hot!   This is my first book by Sawyer Bennett and I absolutely loved it! Sugar on the Edge reminds me why I love reading contemporary romance. It has emotion, perfect pacing, a lovely locale (the Outer Banks of North Carolina), a character-driven story and BLAZING hot sex. Gavin and Savannah are memorable, real and totally drew me into their story.   I have not read the other books in the Last Call series so I can tell you that this one can absolutely be read as a standalone, but now that I have sampled Ms. Bennett's writing, I will read them. There are other characters from the previous books but they are fully-written characters and I did not feel as though I was lost at all.   Gavin is in a lot of emotional pain and moves to North Carolina to finish writing a manuscript. He's sexy, British and has a very dark side. Savannah seems at first to be his total opposite - sweet, hard-working, yet smart and a little sassy. I literally read this book in one sitting and recommend it as a perfect read if you want a hot, sexy, funny, exciting and emotional story. I highly recommend Sugar on the Edge and am adding Ms. Bennett's other books to my TBR list immediately. Enjoy!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
384	Khoa	average	Super hot!   This is my first book by Sawyer Bennett and I absolutely loved it! Sugar on the Edge reminds me why I love reading contemporary romance. It has emotion, perfect pacing, a lovely locale (the Outer Banks of North Carolina), a character-driven story and BLAZING hot sex. Gavin and Savannah are memorable, real and totally drew me into their story.   I have not read the other books in the Last Call series so I can tell you that this one can absolutely be read as a standalone, but now that I have sampled Ms. Bennett's writing, I will read them. There are other characters from the previous books but they are fully-written characters and I did not feel as though I was lost at all.   Gavin is in a lot of emotional pain and moves to North Carolina to finish writing a manuscript. He's sexy, British and has a very dark side. Savannah seems at first to be his total opposite - sweet, hard-working, yet smart and a little sassy. I literally read this book in one sitting and recommend it as a perfect read if you want a hot, sexy, funny, exciting and emotional story. I highly recommend Sugar on the Edge and am adding Ms. Bennett's other books to my TBR list immediately. Enjoy!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
385	Lan	average	4.5 Stars!   Colleen Hoover is a must-read author for me. I always adore her books, the stories, the emotions, the characters, and Confess was no different. This book is pure magic, from the opening chapter to the very end. Confess is an intricately woven tale from beginning to end, where all of the characters are somehow connected and where everything is slowly revealed, little by little.   I absolutely fell in love with Owen. He is a gifted artist but has some very rocky relationships in his life. I just knew that I would grow to love him even though he seemed like he made some questionable choices early on in the book. Owen and Auburn are both very, very complicated characters and my heart nearly broke for Auburn and her situation. I could not put this story down and read it in practically one sitting.   "I love you so much." His voice is breathless and full of fear. "I'll love you forever. Even when I can't." My tears fall harder at his words. "And I'll love you forever. Even when I shouldn't."   You should read this book without any spoilers because the plot is very clever and there are surprises thrown in along the way. I love the creative plot and the paintings throughout the book are just magnificent. They tie into the story perfectly. I will confess that my ARC copy did not have the paintings so I bought a Kindle copy and I am so glad that I did. The paintings are haunting and very revealing. Even though this is a romantic story with some very emotional situations, there are definitely moments of humor which I greatly appreciated!   Confess is another must-read from one of my absolute favorite authors. It is a beautiful story about the power of trust and love and I didn't want Owen and Auburn's story to end. Enjoy!
385	Khoa	good	4.5 Stars!   Colleen Hoover is a must-read author for me. I always adore her books, the stories, the emotions, the characters, and Confess was no different. This book is pure magic, from the opening chapter to the very end. Confess is an intricately woven tale from beginning to end, where all of the characters are somehow connected and where everything is slowly revealed, little by little.   I absolutely fell in love with Owen. He is a gifted artist but has some very rocky relationships in his life. I just knew that I would grow to love him even though he seemed like he made some questionable choices early on in the book. Owen and Auburn are both very, very complicated characters and my heart nearly broke for Auburn and her situation. I could not put this story down and read it in practically one sitting.   "I love you so much." His voice is breathless and full of fear. "I'll love you forever. Even when I can't." My tears fall harder at his words. "And I'll love you forever. Even when I shouldn't."   You should read this book without any spoilers because the plot is very clever and there are surprises thrown in along the way. I love the creative plot and the paintings throughout the book are just magnificent. They tie into the story perfectly. I will confess that my ARC copy did not have the paintings so I bought a Kindle copy and I am so glad that I did. The paintings are haunting and very revealing. Even though this is a romantic story with some very emotional situations, there are definitely moments of humor which I greatly appreciated!   Confess is another must-read from one of my absolute favorite authors. It is a beautiful story about the power of trust and love and I didn't want Owen and Auburn's story to end. Enjoy!
386	Lan	average	4 frothy and delicious stars!! Loved this swoony, very romantic story!!   I absolutely love Melanie Harlow's Frenched Series! The heroines are strong, witty, sexy and very relatable. Coco is thrown together with her ex, Nick, a well-known chef who broke her heart years before. She has never really gotten over him and it seems that even though he broke up with her, he isn't over her, either. Melanie French writes sexy heroes who have a heart of gold, a strong romantic streak and who aren't afraid of strong women. The sex scenes in this book are UBER-hot and sweetly romantic at the same time.   Sometimes you need a sexy, light and super-romantic book in between some of the darker, heavier reads, and Forked fits the bill perfectly. Put Nick and Coco on your reading menu, you won't be disappointed!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
386	Khoa	average	4 frothy and delicious stars!! Loved this swoony, very romantic story!!   I absolutely love Melanie Harlow's Frenched Series! The heroines are strong, witty, sexy and very relatable. Coco is thrown together with her ex, Nick, a well-known chef who broke her heart years before. She has never really gotten over him and it seems that even though he broke up with her, he isn't over her, either. Melanie French writes sexy heroes who have a heart of gold, a strong romantic streak and who aren't afraid of strong women. The sex scenes in this book are UBER-hot and sweetly romantic at the same time.   Sometimes you need a sexy, light and super-romantic book in between some of the darker, heavier reads, and Forked fits the bill perfectly. Put Nick and Coco on your reading menu, you won't be disappointed!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
387	Lan	average	My Hunger is book number 3.2 in the INSIDE OUT Series by Lisa Renee Jones. (This is a novella that should be read as part of the fantastic Inside Out series and is not a stand alone.) We absolutely LOVE this incredibly original series and it remains one of our favorite series - it's original, thrilling, sexy and very addictive. A must-read. As for My Hunger, we see Mark dealing with the traumatic events surrounding Rebecca's disappearance as well as his mother's illness. He is still deeply affected by Rebecca but is now drawn to Crystal Smith, one of his top employees.   I have always loved Mark and his controlling ways. He is attempting to become Master to Crystal but she is very different from his other submissives. Will he be able to fight their overwhelming attraction?   I loved their banter and sexual tension and Lisa Renee Jones is such a talented writer that she only makes me want more from Mark's POV. He is one of my favorite characters from the series. This is a fairly quick, very sexy read, and I highly recommend it. Enjoy!   * ARC provided by the author for an honest review *
387	Khoa	average	My Hunger is book number 3.2 in the INSIDE OUT Series by Lisa Renee Jones. (This is a novella that should be read as part of the fantastic Inside Out series and is not a stand alone.) We absolutely LOVE this incredibly original series and it remains one of our favorite series - it's original, thrilling, sexy and very addictive. A must-read. As for My Hunger, we see Mark dealing with the traumatic events surrounding Rebecca's disappearance as well as his mother's illness. He is still deeply affected by Rebecca but is now drawn to Crystal Smith, one of his top employees.   I have always loved Mark and his controlling ways. He is attempting to become Master to Crystal but she is very different from his other submissives. Will he be able to fight their overwhelming attraction?   I loved their banter and sexual tension and Lisa Renee Jones is such a talented writer that she only makes me want more from Mark's POV. He is one of my favorite characters from the series. This is a fairly quick, very sexy read, and I highly recommend it. Enjoy!   * ARC provided by the author for an honest review *
388	Lan	average	5++++ stars!!!   Once in a while, a book comes along that absolutely throws you for a loop and knocks your socks off and I'm happy to say LOCK & KEY is one of those books. A story about a 42-year-old heroine who has sacrificed her whole life to the One-Eyed Jacks MC, LOCK & KEY is hot, sexy, thrilling, perfectly written and filled with characters that I won't soon forget.   Grace and Lock meet right at the beginning of the story and sparks fly. They are both damaged and not looking to connect with another human being on any kind of meaningful level. They spend an incredibly HOT night together ((hello, ice cube scene!!), thinking they'll never see each other again, but boy, are they dead wrong.   I fell in love with Lock, he is one bad-ass biker but he knows a good thing is right in front of him. The problem is, will he realize what a treasure Grace is before she slips away?   "I had my dream on my hands and in my mouth, and I never fucking realized."   This story is perfectly told in both a combination of flashbacks and alternating POVs. The book unfolds like a flower petal, layer by layer peeled away until the reader is left incredibly satisfied at the end. This is a long and meaty book, filled with plenty of drama and scorching hot sex scenes, but I literally could not put it down until the very end. Ms. Porter has created a world of memorable characters, Alpha bikers, strong and feisty women and a solid story that will stay with me for a long time to come.   I highlighted half the book but instead I am "borrowing" the author's teasers. This is an original and very creative story so I don't want to give any of the plot away. Add Lock & Key to your TBR list immediately! This is a must-read book for all fans of strong writing, characters with backbone and beautiful stories about the importance of family and second-chance love. Ms. Porter deserves a place among Joanna Wylde, Madeline Sheehan and dare I say Ms. Kristen Ashley with her absolutely incredible debut MC romance book. Go meet Grace and Lock. I know you will be as captivated as I was.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
388	Khoa	good	5++++ stars!!!   Once in a while, a book comes along that absolutely throws you for a loop and knocks your socks off and I'm happy to say LOCK & KEY is one of those books. A story about a 42-year-old heroine who has sacrificed her whole life to the One-Eyed Jacks MC, LOCK & KEY is hot, sexy, thrilling, perfectly written and filled with characters that I won't soon forget.   Grace and Lock meet right at the beginning of the story and sparks fly. They are both damaged and not looking to connect with another human being on any kind of meaningful level. They spend an incredibly HOT night together ((hello, ice cube scene!!), thinking they'll never see each other again, but boy, are they dead wrong.   I fell in love with Lock, he is one bad-ass biker but he knows a good thing is right in front of him. The problem is, will he realize what a treasure Grace is before she slips away?   "I had my dream on my hands and in my mouth, and I never fucking realized."   This story is perfectly told in both a combination of flashbacks and alternating POVs. The book unfolds like a flower petal, layer by layer peeled away until the reader is left incredibly satisfied at the end. This is a long and meaty book, filled with plenty of drama and scorching hot sex scenes, but I literally could not put it down until the very end. Ms. Porter has created a world of memorable characters, Alpha bikers, strong and feisty women and a solid story that will stay with me for a long time to come.   I highlighted half the book but instead I am "borrowing" the author's teasers. This is an original and very creative story so I don't want to give any of the plot away. Add Lock & Key to your TBR list immediately! This is a must-read book for all fans of strong writing, characters with backbone and beautiful stories about the importance of family and second-chance love. Ms. Porter deserves a place among Joanna Wylde, Madeline Sheehan and dare I say Ms. Kristen Ashley with her absolutely incredible debut MC romance book. Go meet Grace and Lock. I know you will be as captivated as I was.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
389	Lan	average	4 beautiful stars!!   "Why the war paint, Pix?"   "Because I can't stand the girl underneath," she whispered   "Why the tattoos?" Lexi asked   "Because I can't bear seeing the scars of my past."   Tillie Cole is a very gifted writer and this story is fascinating, heartbreaking, beautiful, funny, tender and wonderfully written. This is not exactly your typical jock-meets-Goth-girl story, it is much richer and more nuanced than that, and I really recommend you give this book a try.   You do not need to have read the other books in the series (I did not but I plan to read them now) to follow Lexi and Austin's story. Austin is the star player on the University of Alabama's football team, and Lexi is part of the cheerleading squad. But he is also a tattooed, former gang member struggling to break free from his past. She, too, has her own painful struggles that are handled with incredible sensitivity and care by Tillie Cole.   There were many times during this book that I was afraid something terrible would happen to Austin or Lexi, and I read the story with my heart pounding. Austin is a beautiful boy inside and out and showed great compassion and caring for others, all hidden beneath his tattooed, tough-guy exterior. Lexi struggles to keep it together, even as all others see is an offbeat but talented cheerleader on a very tough college squad.   Sweet Fall is very much about not judging a book by its cover and not expecting others to conform to your idea of of "perfect". Acceptance, of both yourself and of others, is the message I took from this story and I applaud the author for writing about a very difficult and painful subject. I highly recommend Sweet Fall and I can guarantee you will fall in love with Austin Carillo!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
389	Khoa	good	4 beautiful stars!!   "Why the war paint, Pix?"   "Because I can't stand the girl underneath," she whispered   "Why the tattoos?" Lexi asked   "Because I can't bear seeing the scars of my past."   Tillie Cole is a very gifted writer and this story is fascinating, heartbreaking, beautiful, funny, tender and wonderfully written. This is not exactly your typical jock-meets-Goth-girl story, it is much richer and more nuanced than that, and I really recommend you give this book a try.   You do not need to have read the other books in the series (I did not but I plan to read them now) to follow Lexi and Austin's story. Austin is the star player on the University of Alabama's football team, and Lexi is part of the cheerleading squad. But he is also a tattooed, former gang member struggling to break free from his past. She, too, has her own painful struggles that are handled with incredible sensitivity and care by Tillie Cole.   There were many times during this book that I was afraid something terrible would happen to Austin or Lexi, and I read the story with my heart pounding. Austin is a beautiful boy inside and out and showed great compassion and caring for others, all hidden beneath his tattooed, tough-guy exterior. Lexi struggles to keep it together, even as all others see is an offbeat but talented cheerleader on a very tough college squad.   Sweet Fall is very much about not judging a book by its cover and not expecting others to conform to your idea of of "perfect". Acceptance, of both yourself and of others, is the message I took from this story and I applaud the author for writing about a very difficult and painful subject. I highly recommend Sweet Fall and I can guarantee you will fall in love with Austin Carillo!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
390	Lan	average	Vanquish was not at all what I expected and is a painfully beautiful story of the redemptive power of love and devotion. Yes, I LOVE Van, and for those of you who have read Deliver, you know that he is twisted, really f*ed up and obsessively, possessively in love with Liv. He seemed BAD through and through but I knew better! I couldn't wait to read his story because I knew there was much more to him.   Vanquish totally blew me away. It is really a story of two painfully lonely people who really only want to connect with another human being on the most basic of levels. But this being a Pam Godwin story, well, you get two very effed up people, tons of mind-blowing sex, and lots of danger thrown into the mix.   Pam Godwin's writing is pure perfection. There is no insta-connection, the emotions are real and the sexual chemistry is explosive. This book has it all. And Amber broke my heart. I am a huge Pam Godwin fan and I will devour every book she writes. Vanquish is raw, gritty, beautiful, suspenseful, sexy and painful. What more could you possibly ask for?
390	Khoa	average	Vanquish was not at all what I expected and is a painfully beautiful story of the redemptive power of love and devotion. Yes, I LOVE Van, and for those of you who have read Deliver, you know that he is twisted, really f*ed up and obsessively, possessively in love with Liv. He seemed BAD through and through but I knew better! I couldn't wait to read his story because I knew there was much more to him.   Vanquish totally blew me away. It is really a story of two painfully lonely people who really only want to connect with another human being on the most basic of levels. But this being a Pam Godwin story, well, you get two very effed up people, tons of mind-blowing sex, and lots of danger thrown into the mix.   Pam Godwin's writing is pure perfection. There is no insta-connection, the emotions are real and the sexual chemistry is explosive. This book has it all. And Amber broke my heart. I am a huge Pam Godwin fan and I will devour every book she writes. Vanquish is raw, gritty, beautiful, suspenseful, sexy and painful. What more could you possibly ask for?
391	Lan	average	What an adult, sexy and witty story!   Alice Clayton writes very realistic and humorous banter between Simon and Caroline and I laughed out loud through many parts of this book. An added plus is the incredible chemistry between these two and the sexy times are absolutely hot and very satisfying! This story is about real-life, Simon and Caroline have real-world professions and work hard just like lots of outer couples to make their passionate relationship work. Jobs, friends, family, and yes, even all-seeing Clive all intervene into their blissful existence.   I loved the way Simon and Caroline's relationship grows in this book. They learn more about each other and their witty banter is funny and realistic. Caroline has to make some tough decisions this book but all is done with good grace and humor. There is no over-the-top drama or contrived situations. But Simon is absolutely still gorgeous, sexy, romantic and swoon-wrothy and can still sweep Caroline off her feet.   I also loved all of the supporting characters, and Simon and Caroline's friends play a major role in Rusty Nailed. I can't wait to read more about them in upcoming books in this series. Rusty Nailed is everything you expect from Alice Clayton: intelligent, witty dialogue; steamy chemistry; and true love and caring not only between Simon and Caroline, but between all of their friends. I can't wait for Screwdrivered!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
391	Khoa	average	What an adult, sexy and witty story!   Alice Clayton writes very realistic and humorous banter between Simon and Caroline and I laughed out loud through many parts of this book. An added plus is the incredible chemistry between these two and the sexy times are absolutely hot and very satisfying! This story is about real-life, Simon and Caroline have real-world professions and work hard just like lots of outer couples to make their passionate relationship work. Jobs, friends, family, and yes, even all-seeing Clive all intervene into their blissful existence.   I loved the way Simon and Caroline's relationship grows in this book. They learn more about each other and their witty banter is funny and realistic. Caroline has to make some tough decisions this book but all is done with good grace and humor. There is no over-the-top drama or contrived situations. But Simon is absolutely still gorgeous, sexy, romantic and swoon-wrothy and can still sweep Caroline off her feet.   I also loved all of the supporting characters, and Simon and Caroline's friends play a major role in Rusty Nailed. I can't wait to read more about them in upcoming books in this series. Rusty Nailed is everything you expect from Alice Clayton: intelligent, witty dialogue; steamy chemistry; and true love and caring not only between Simon and Caroline, but between all of their friends. I can't wait for Screwdrivered!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
392	Lan	average	Vi Keeland is a favorite author of mine and I was excited to read her young adult romance written with Dylan Scott. Both sweet and sexy at the same time, Left Behind is a wonderful story of loss, strength, emotion and first love. The story is very engaging and the characters are very real. Nikki and Zack's story totally drew me in, and once I started, I read this book in one sitting.   Told in alternating POV's, which actually become one story, Left Behind tells the story of Nikki, who relocates to California after the death of her mother. Having lived a very lonely and sad life, she is apprehensive about starting over. But Nikki is very strong because she had to grow up at an early age. She doesn't want anyone's pity and just wants to be a normal teenager.   To her eyes, Zack lives an almost-perfect life, with a stable family and seemingly happy home life. But Zack has faced a terrible tragedy and is dealing with it in his own way. Angry and guilt-stricken, he is confused over his feelings for Nikki. There is a twist to this story that wasn't really a surprise, but I was literally holding my breath through most of this book, hoping against hope that nothing would come between Nikki and Zack!   The authors really hit a home run with Zack. He took my breath away! Zack is one incredibly sweet, romantic and sexy guy. I loved Zack and Nikki together. I also love how this book dealt with some very adult subjects in a very sensitive way. This book contained just the right mix of sexy romance and emotion. Combined with the inventive story, it is great young adult book.   (*ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
392	Khoa	average	Vi Keeland is a favorite author of mine and I was excited to read her young adult romance written with Dylan Scott. Both sweet and sexy at the same time, Left Behind is a wonderful story of loss, strength, emotion and first love. The story is very engaging and the characters are very real. Nikki and Zack's story totally drew me in, and once I started, I read this book in one sitting.   Told in alternating POV's, which actually become one story, Left Behind tells the story of Nikki, who relocates to California after the death of her mother. Having lived a very lonely and sad life, she is apprehensive about starting over. But Nikki is very strong because she had to grow up at an early age. She doesn't want anyone's pity and just wants to be a normal teenager.   To her eyes, Zack lives an almost-perfect life, with a stable family and seemingly happy home life. But Zack has faced a terrible tragedy and is dealing with it in his own way. Angry and guilt-stricken, he is confused over his feelings for Nikki. There is a twist to this story that wasn't really a surprise, but I was literally holding my breath through most of this book, hoping against hope that nothing would come between Nikki and Zack!   The authors really hit a home run with Zack. He took my breath away! Zack is one incredibly sweet, romantic and sexy guy. I loved Zack and Nikki together. I also love how this book dealt with some very adult subjects in a very sensitive way. This book contained just the right mix of sexy romance and emotion. Combined with the inventive story, it is great young adult book.   (*ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
393	Lan	good	Each relationship was its own mess full of faults and flaws, fighting every damn day to be worthy.   What a perfectly dark ending to one of my favorite dark romance series! I read for escape and Monsters in the Dark offers just that. Pepper Winters has created a dark, sexy and highly erotic series with two unforgettable characters. Tess and Q are both damaged, flawed and perfectly matched for each other. I adore this series and read this intense story almost in one sitting.   Q was born into darkness, but he'd never baptized me in his blackest desires. And because of that, I could implicitly say he spoke the truth. No matter what he did to me, he would never truly harm me.   Told in dual POV's, this book is very, very dark and offers some BDSM along with the highly unusual relationship between Tess and Q. Having settled into married life, Q is hiding something from Tess that he fears will break them apart. But Tess is strong, brave and absolutely devoted to Q. She will let nothing and no one come between them!   We come alive when we're together with no cages or locks between us.   Q is fascinating and irresistible. I love him!! JE SUIS A TOI is a very graphic story but it is truly Pepper Winters at her best. I'm very sad to see this series end but looking forward to what is next from this author!   Favorite quote:   "I loved her.   I adored her.   I didn't want to hurt her.   Lies.   I did want to hurt her.   And she wanted me to.   That was ultimate freedom."
393	Khoa	good	Each relationship was its own mess full of faults and flaws, fighting every damn day to be worthy.   What a perfectly dark ending to one of my favorite dark romance series! I read for escape and Monsters in the Dark offers just that. Pepper Winters has created a dark, sexy and highly erotic series with two unforgettable characters. Tess and Q are both damaged, flawed and perfectly matched for each other. I adore this series and read this intense story almost in one sitting.   Q was born into darkness, but he'd never baptized me in his blackest desires. And because of that, I could implicitly say he spoke the truth. No matter what he did to me, he would never truly harm me.   Told in dual POV's, this book is very, very dark and offers some BDSM along with the highly unusual relationship between Tess and Q. Having settled into married life, Q is hiding something from Tess that he fears will break them apart. But Tess is strong, brave and absolutely devoted to Q. She will let nothing and no one come between them!   We come alive when we're together with no cages or locks between us.   Q is fascinating and irresistible. I love him!! JE SUIS A TOI is a very graphic story but it is truly Pepper Winters at her best. I'm very sad to see this series end but looking forward to what is next from this author!   Favorite quote:   "I loved her.   I adored her.   I didn't want to hurt her.   Lies.   I did want to hurt her.   And she wanted me to.   That was ultimate freedom."
394	Lan	average	4.5 stars!! Hot and sweet and funny. This was my first book by Cardeno C. and I absolutely loved it!   This story is told in the very clever way of Chase/Charlie looking back over time and telling his story through the format of looking through a photo album of his life. I adored this. The story itself is a beautifully-written mix of humor, pain, steam and sweetness. I can't wait to read more from this author.   Charlie/Chase has always been true to himself, which has not been easy for other men in his life. I loved his honesty! Although the book is told from three different POV's, it is really Charlie who is the main character in this story. Scott is his first love and their story is hot, sweet and heartbreaking. Scott moves away abruptly but remains the love of Charlie's life. Years later, Charlie meets Adan and thinks that maybe he could love again. The way these three eventually come together is both surprising and totally hot. The character development is fantastic and the writing, to me, almost flawless. I love reading how these three souls ultimately find a way to create a life that's right for them.   If you are in any kind of book slump, read this book. It's a page-turner and completely addictive.
394	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!! Hot and sweet and funny. This was my first book by Cardeno C. and I absolutely loved it!   This story is told in the very clever way of Chase/Charlie looking back over time and telling his story through the format of looking through a photo album of his life. I adored this. The story itself is a beautifully-written mix of humor, pain, steam and sweetness. I can't wait to read more from this author.   Charlie/Chase has always been true to himself, which has not been easy for other men in his life. I loved his honesty! Although the book is told from three different POV's, it is really Charlie who is the main character in this story. Scott is his first love and their story is hot, sweet and heartbreaking. Scott moves away abruptly but remains the love of Charlie's life. Years later, Charlie meets Adan and thinks that maybe he could love again. The way these three eventually come together is both surprising and totally hot. The character development is fantastic and the writing, to me, almost flawless. I love reading how these three souls ultimately find a way to create a life that's right for them.   If you are in any kind of book slump, read this book. It's a page-turner and completely addictive.
395	Lan	good	"If you kiss like that when you're not into it, I'd love to see how you kiss when you are."   LOVE Nix!! I read a lot of biker books so I was totally surprised when I finished Incandescent and loved it! Kadence is a schoolteacher and never expects to fall for the oh-so-hot Nix who is the parent of one of her students. He is a bad-ass biker with a heart of gold, trying his best to parent his son Z with a no-good ex-wife who is always causing problems.   Kadence has dealt with a lot of past pain (both physical and emotional) and the last thing she expects is to fall for Nix. But the man is persistent and can't stay away from the sexy teacher.   "I haven't been able to get you out of my mind, woman. Your attitude, your body, from the moment I had you on the back of my bike, I knew I was in trouble. You feel it too, Kadence. I know you do. Stop denyin' it."   These two have tons of chemistry but there are some obstacles in their way. For one thing, Nix is the parent of Kadence's student, and the school has a no-dating policy between parents and teachers. Add to that one crazy ex-wife, and an even crazier (and more dangerous) ex of Kadence's and you have lots of fast-paced drama and totally HOT sexy times. This book takes dirty-talking to a new level, and River Savage has quite the talent at writing absolutely SIZZLING sex scenes!   This is a fast-paced, hot biker romance with a lot of heart. I loved Kadence and Nix and adored how Nix got Kadence to open up to him.   "I want this man. Want everything he was doing to me, and then more."   River Savage is an incredibly talented writer and I look forward to reading the next books in this series!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
395	Khoa	good	"If you kiss like that when you're not into it, I'd love to see how you kiss when you are."   LOVE Nix!! I read a lot of biker books so I was totally surprised when I finished Incandescent and loved it! Kadence is a schoolteacher and never expects to fall for the oh-so-hot Nix who is the parent of one of her students. He is a bad-ass biker with a heart of gold, trying his best to parent his son Z with a no-good ex-wife who is always causing problems.   Kadence has dealt with a lot of past pain (both physical and emotional) and the last thing she expects is to fall for Nix. But the man is persistent and can't stay away from the sexy teacher.   "I haven't been able to get you out of my mind, woman. Your attitude, your body, from the moment I had you on the back of my bike, I knew I was in trouble. You feel it too, Kadence. I know you do. Stop denyin' it."   These two have tons of chemistry but there are some obstacles in their way. For one thing, Nix is the parent of Kadence's student, and the school has a no-dating policy between parents and teachers. Add to that one crazy ex-wife, and an even crazier (and more dangerous) ex of Kadence's and you have lots of fast-paced drama and totally HOT sexy times. This book takes dirty-talking to a new level, and River Savage has quite the talent at writing absolutely SIZZLING sex scenes!   This is a fast-paced, hot biker romance with a lot of heart. I loved Kadence and Nix and adored how Nix got Kadence to open up to him.   "I want this man. Want everything he was doing to me, and then more."   River Savage is an incredibly talented writer and I look forward to reading the next books in this series!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
396	Lan	good	4.5 stars!! "Come in. Sit anywhere but on the bed. Don't look cute, don't get undressed, and don't touch my underwear."   I really loved the latest book in the Wild Seasons series! It is very, very funny, had really hot scenes and a wonderful storyline. Harlow is a funny, smart-ass, modern and smart heroine. Finn is another nuanced, sexy and loving leading man created by this fabulous writing duo. This is not a cliched contemporary romance story but instead has some very serious themes woven into the story.   Harlow and Finn have lots of miscommunications throughout the story but their scenes together are fantastic and their chemistry feels real and genuine and never forced. I truly thought that the authors could not top the first book in this series but Harlow and Finn are every bit as addictive as the characters from Sweet Filthy Boy.   These two are at opposite ends of the spectrum personality-wise but their banter and sexy times are hilarious and very, very hot. Don't miss this book. It is a wonderful, passionate and very funny read with lots and lots of heart. Can't wait for the next book in this series, Dark Wild Night, which will give us Lola and Oliver's story and is scheduled for release in 2015!   (Thanks to the publisher for an ARC in return for an honest review.)
396	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!! "Come in. Sit anywhere but on the bed. Don't look cute, don't get undressed, and don't touch my underwear."   I really loved the latest book in the Wild Seasons series! It is very, very funny, had really hot scenes and a wonderful storyline. Harlow is a funny, smart-ass, modern and smart heroine. Finn is another nuanced, sexy and loving leading man created by this fabulous writing duo. This is not a cliched contemporary romance story but instead has some very serious themes woven into the story.   Harlow and Finn have lots of miscommunications throughout the story but their scenes together are fantastic and their chemistry feels real and genuine and never forced. I truly thought that the authors could not top the first book in this series but Harlow and Finn are every bit as addictive as the characters from Sweet Filthy Boy.   These two are at opposite ends of the spectrum personality-wise but their banter and sexy times are hilarious and very, very hot. Don't miss this book. It is a wonderful, passionate and very funny read with lots and lots of heart. Can't wait for the next book in this series, Dark Wild Night, which will give us Lola and Oliver's story and is scheduled for release in 2015!   (Thanks to the publisher for an ARC in return for an honest review.)
397	Lan	poor	Deviant, dark and delicious!! I need more Fiona and Deacon as soon as possible. Full review to follow.
397	Khoa	poor	Deviant, dark and delicious!! I need more Fiona and Deacon as soon as possible. Full review to follow.
398	Lan	good	OMG!!! Expect even MORE surprises and twists from E.K. Blair!!! Never in a million years did I see these developments coming. A tense thriller but with the deep, unbreakable love between Declan and Elizabeth at the center of the story.   "I never gave up on life   because of him   I kept going   because of him"   Hush is the last installment in the very dark story of characters that I will not soon forget. If you have waited until all the books are out in this series, well, wait no more! I highly recommend this highly imaginative and incredibly twisted series. All of the hype surrounding these books is very well-deserved, in my opinion. Nina/Elizabeth, Declan, Bennett, Pike...I grew to care deeply about each and every one. I will never forget this conclusion to this series. While I am saddended that this is the end of the series, I cannot wait to see what E.K. Blair dreams up next.   If you have read the first two books, you know that Elizabeth has lived through unimaginable suffering. BANG, the first book in this series, is one of my top favorite books ever. The emotions, the thrills and the incredible darkness in that book left me reeling. The characters have come full circle here, and although the author certainly stays true to the dark nature of the series, the ending was perfect for these characters.   "We are monsters and lovers, animals and killers, but nothing can extinguish what we have when we're together."   As I was coming to the ending of HUSH, I thought, "Where is the author going with this? There are only a few more pages left! GAH!!" E.K. Blair never takes the easy way out and she remained fiercely honest to each of her characters in this series. Sympathies will be challenged and emotions will be tested in HUSH. I am being vague because there is an incredibly risky and very surprising conclusion to this series and it must be experienced first-hand while reading, without knowing any spoilers. Don't skip to the end!! It has been days since I finished this book and these characters are still filling my head and my heart. Don't miss HUSH and don't miss the BLACK LOTUS Series. You won't soon forget these stories.   "The ugliest parts of you are your darkest. And trust me when I tell you that I want to love all of your darkest parts."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
398	Khoa	good	OMG!!! Expect even MORE surprises and twists from E.K. Blair!!! Never in a million years did I see these developments coming. A tense thriller but with the deep, unbreakable love between Declan and Elizabeth at the center of the story.   "I never gave up on life   because of him   I kept going   because of him"   Hush is the last installment in the very dark story of characters that I will not soon forget. If you have waited until all the books are out in this series, well, wait no more! I highly recommend this highly imaginative and incredibly twisted series. All of the hype surrounding these books is very well-deserved, in my opinion. Nina/Elizabeth, Declan, Bennett, Pike...I grew to care deeply about each and every one. I will never forget this conclusion to this series. While I am saddended that this is the end of the series, I cannot wait to see what E.K. Blair dreams up next.   If you have read the first two books, you know that Elizabeth has lived through unimaginable suffering. BANG, the first book in this series, is one of my top favorite books ever. The emotions, the thrills and the incredible darkness in that book left me reeling. The characters have come full circle here, and although the author certainly stays true to the dark nature of the series, the ending was perfect for these characters.   "We are monsters and lovers, animals and killers, but nothing can extinguish what we have when we're together."   As I was coming to the ending of HUSH, I thought, "Where is the author going with this? There are only a few more pages left! GAH!!" E.K. Blair never takes the easy way out and she remained fiercely honest to each of her characters in this series. Sympathies will be challenged and emotions will be tested in HUSH. I am being vague because there is an incredibly risky and very surprising conclusion to this series and it must be experienced first-hand while reading, without knowing any spoilers. Don't skip to the end!! It has been days since I finished this book and these characters are still filling my head and my heart. Don't miss HUSH and don't miss the BLACK LOTUS Series. You won't soon forget these stories.   "The ugliest parts of you are your darkest. And trust me when I tell you that I want to love all of your darkest parts."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
399	Lan	average	OMG WHAT DID I JUST READ??! This review is totally spoiler-free so you will just have to go in to ECHO completely blind. That being said, this is without a doubt one of my top books so far this year. If you have read BANG, you know that things ended quite abruptly. Anything I say here about any of the characters that appeared in BANG might give the plot of ECHO away, so...if you like dark, twisty, psychosexual thrillers, than ECHO should be at the top of your must-read lists. And yes, I was up all night reading this one.   E.K. Blair is an enormously gifted writer and I will read anything this woman writes. I cannot describe what goes on in ECHO other than to say, "READ THIS BOOK!!" You will be thrilled, heartsick, turned on, and excited all at once. Your emotions will run rampant after reading this book. If you thought you knew the characters at all in BANG, trust me, you are wrong.   "Did you know it was possible to have feelings with no emotions? You can, and I'm proof of it."   Well, that's about all I can say, folks. I can't really describe what ECHO is, so please make sure you grab this one as soon as it is released on May 12th. You will be once again immersed in a dark and twisty world of E.K. Blair. And that's a great place to be.   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
399	Khoa	good	OMG WHAT DID I JUST READ??! This review is totally spoiler-free so you will just have to go in to ECHO completely blind. That being said, this is without a doubt one of my top books so far this year. If you have read BANG, you know that things ended quite abruptly. Anything I say here about any of the characters that appeared in BANG might give the plot of ECHO away, so...if you like dark, twisty, psychosexual thrillers, than ECHO should be at the top of your must-read lists. And yes, I was up all night reading this one.   E.K. Blair is an enormously gifted writer and I will read anything this woman writes. I cannot describe what goes on in ECHO other than to say, "READ THIS BOOK!!" You will be thrilled, heartsick, turned on, and excited all at once. Your emotions will run rampant after reading this book. If you thought you knew the characters at all in BANG, trust me, you are wrong.   "Did you know it was possible to have feelings with no emotions? You can, and I'm proof of it."   Well, that's about all I can say, folks. I can't really describe what ECHO is, so please make sure you grab this one as soon as it is released on May 12th. You will be once again immersed in a dark and twisty world of E.K. Blair. And that's a great place to be.   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
400	Lan	average	I really liked this book, it is funny, dirty, and is the kind of book that you can't look away from. The author's warning caught my attention, there is a TON of swearing in this book but it is also really funny and not at all what I expected.   This is not your typical high school drama, Bronagh and Dominic fight like cats and dogs which is kind of like their foreplay. She is also feisty, likable, curses all the time, and has some body issues. I loved her! The relationship between the two main characters is unpredictable and fresh. I also absolutely loved all the Slater Brothers and look forward to reading more about their exploits.   This book is written in Irish dialect which the author explains right out of the box. I enjoyed it but it might be a little much for some readers to digest. This book is also hilarious and contains more F words than I think any book I have ever read. Dominic has some very endearing characters and totally hot sex scenes. I guarantee this book is different from any book you have read so far this year! Give it a try if you love strong heroines and gorgeous, Alpha fighters. There is also a ton of action, making this a fast-paced, sexy and funny read. I'm looking forward to reading more from Ms. Casey!   *ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review*
400	Khoa	average	I really liked this book, it is funny, dirty, and is the kind of book that you can't look away from. The author's warning caught my attention, there is a TON of swearing in this book but it is also really funny and not at all what I expected.   This is not your typical high school drama, Bronagh and Dominic fight like cats and dogs which is kind of like their foreplay. She is also feisty, likable, curses all the time, and has some body issues. I loved her! The relationship between the two main characters is unpredictable and fresh. I also absolutely loved all the Slater Brothers and look forward to reading more about their exploits.   This book is written in Irish dialect which the author explains right out of the box. I enjoyed it but it might be a little much for some readers to digest. This book is also hilarious and contains more F words than I think any book I have ever read. Dominic has some very endearing characters and totally hot sex scenes. I guarantee this book is different from any book you have read so far this year! Give it a try if you love strong heroines and gorgeous, Alpha fighters. There is also a ton of action, making this a fast-paced, sexy and funny read. I'm looking forward to reading more from Ms. Casey!   *ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review*
401	Lan	average	Add this to your summer reading list! Liam Wilder is my new obsession! Scoring Wilder is the perfect summer read - sexy, funny, swoon-y and fast-paced. I fell in love with Liam (and Kinsley a little bit) from the beginning, and Liam didn't let go of my heart for the entire book! This story is the perfect combination of a smart, strong, witty heroine, a sexy, good-hearted bad boy, and a yummy story that is head and shoulders above most books in the genre.   Even if you are not a fan of New Adult books, you will LOVE Scoring Wilder! Liam Wilder is a famous professional soccer player with a bad-boy reputation. Of course, much of it is due to the ever-present media and some undeserved bad press. Kinsley is a smart, driven, talented and FUNNY rising soccer star who immediately falls in lust with her new soccer coach. They are acutely aware that they are forbidden to be together, and Kinsley has some very, very funny moments when she is struggling to fight her growing attraction to her soccer coach.   Oh - and Kinsley's previous relationships ended VERY badly so she doesn't trust anyone, let alone a tattoo-covered, world-famous soccer star. But Liam turns out to be a total sweetheart, romantic, honest, open and giving. But will Kinsley come to her senses in time?   Scoring Wilder has plenty of steam, hilarious, laugh-out-loud moments, plus a gorgeous soccer-playing hero. What's not to love? If you are looking for a perfect summer read, Scoring Wilder is for you!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
401	Khoa	average	Add this to your summer reading list! Liam Wilder is my new obsession! Scoring Wilder is the perfect summer read - sexy, funny, swoon-y and fast-paced. I fell in love with Liam (and Kinsley a little bit) from the beginning, and Liam didn't let go of my heart for the entire book! This story is the perfect combination of a smart, strong, witty heroine, a sexy, good-hearted bad boy, and a yummy story that is head and shoulders above most books in the genre.   Even if you are not a fan of New Adult books, you will LOVE Scoring Wilder! Liam Wilder is a famous professional soccer player with a bad-boy reputation. Of course, much of it is due to the ever-present media and some undeserved bad press. Kinsley is a smart, driven, talented and FUNNY rising soccer star who immediately falls in lust with her new soccer coach. They are acutely aware that they are forbidden to be together, and Kinsley has some very, very funny moments when she is struggling to fight her growing attraction to her soccer coach.   Oh - and Kinsley's previous relationships ended VERY badly so she doesn't trust anyone, let alone a tattoo-covered, world-famous soccer star. But Liam turns out to be a total sweetheart, romantic, honest, open and giving. But will Kinsley come to her senses in time?   Scoring Wilder has plenty of steam, hilarious, laugh-out-loud moments, plus a gorgeous soccer-playing hero. What's not to love? If you are looking for a perfect summer read, Scoring Wilder is for you!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
402	Lan	average	4.5 Stars!!   Reviewed by Cathy:   Push is not our usual read, which by the way I loved. This is a f*d-up love story, to say the least. You might think you've heard that before, but honestly, you have never read a story like PUSH before. I won't go into detail about the plot because this book is best read without knowing too much about the storyline. Going in blind to this book is so much more thrilling!   Emma is moving on from her past and horrible stepfather and two brothers who were manipulated by him. She's had a rough life. She is starting over on her own, which is very freeing for her. She meets David they day she moves into her in apartment. He is the handyman for the building and was "sent" by the owner to fix her kitchen, which is a mess. She opens her door hesitantly, unsure of whether he's telling the truth or whether he is just a psycho. My anxiety attack began when she opened the door. You will need tranquilizers for this story!! It does end with a cliffhanger and I told myself, "No! It can't end like this!" But PUSH is so well-written that it is like a breath of fresh air. Get ready for a love-hate relationship with one of the characters. This is an excellent summer read! PUSH should be receiving more attention and acclaim because it's that good! Don't miss this one.
402	Khoa	good	4.5 Stars!!   Reviewed by Cathy:   Push is not our usual read, which by the way I loved. This is a f*d-up love story, to say the least. You might think you've heard that before, but honestly, you have never read a story like PUSH before. I won't go into detail about the plot because this book is best read without knowing too much about the storyline. Going in blind to this book is so much more thrilling!   Emma is moving on from her past and horrible stepfather and two brothers who were manipulated by him. She's had a rough life. She is starting over on her own, which is very freeing for her. She meets David they day she moves into her in apartment. He is the handyman for the building and was "sent" by the owner to fix her kitchen, which is a mess. She opens her door hesitantly, unsure of whether he's telling the truth or whether he is just a psycho. My anxiety attack began when she opened the door. You will need tranquilizers for this story!! It does end with a cliffhanger and I told myself, "No! It can't end like this!" But PUSH is so well-written that it is like a breath of fresh air. Get ready for a love-hate relationship with one of the characters. This is an excellent summer read! PUSH should be receiving more attention and acclaim because it's that good! Don't miss this one.
403	Lan	poor	4.5 stars!! Review to follow on release day.
403	Khoa	poor	4.5 stars!! Review to follow on release day.
404	Lan	good	4.5 Stars - very very addictive - really loved Naz, in all his dark and tortured glory. He is my favorite part of this story and is a very, very complex character. For all of his very, very bad equalities, and there are many, he really loves Karissa and will let nothing stand in the way of keeping her safe. This is a very twisty story that begins in Book #1 and is part intense love story and part suspense story.   Torture to Her Soul was a tiny bit slow for me midway through the story only because I have such high esteem for J.D. Darhower and her storytelling abilities. But the characters and the story are really fantastic and Mafia romances are one of my favorites genres. So I completely loved Naz, even when I hated him.   This entire story is solely from Naz's POV and is a fascinating look inside his very dark mind. I could not wait for this conclusion to the incredible story from Monster in His Eyes and it did not disappoint. A must-read for all fans of darker romance.   Favorite quote:   "I'm not a good man," he says, "but I'm trying. I'm trying. I can't make you any promises of perfection. I can't promise I'll be what you deserve, or what you need, or even what you always want. All I can promise is that I'll love you until the day I die, and I'll spend every moment I'm alive trying for you."   *ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
404	Khoa	good	4.5 Stars - very very addictive - really loved Naz, in all his dark and tortured glory. He is my favorite part of this story and is a very, very complex character. For all of his very, very bad equalities, and there are many, he really loves Karissa and will let nothing stand in the way of keeping her safe. This is a very twisty story that begins in Book #1 and is part intense love story and part suspense story.   Torture to Her Soul was a tiny bit slow for me midway through the story only because I have such high esteem for J.D. Darhower and her storytelling abilities. But the characters and the story are really fantastic and Mafia romances are one of my favorites genres. So I completely loved Naz, even when I hated him.   This entire story is solely from Naz's POV and is a fascinating look inside his very dark mind. I could not wait for this conclusion to the incredible story from Monster in His Eyes and it did not disappoint. A must-read for all fans of darker romance.   Favorite quote:   "I'm not a good man," he says, "but I'm trying. I'm trying. I can't make you any promises of perfection. I can't promise I'll be what you deserve, or what you need, or even what you always want. All I can promise is that I'll love you until the day I die, and I'll spend every moment I'm alive trying for you."   *ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
405	Lan	good	Until Nico is the fourth book in a series but it can be read as a standalone (I have not yet read the first three books and I still thoroughly enjoyed Nico!!) All of the other characters play a role in the story but the author did a great job at making this purely Nico and Sophie's story. I absolutely LOVED the dirty-talking, possessive and sweet Nico! I was surprised at the quick way they met and fell for each other, as I am not usually a fan of Insta-love. But it worked perfectly here.   ""You know, the moment I saw you, I knew you were the one for me," I say gently, watching her eyes get big. "You're mine, Sophie. Every beautiful inch of you is mine."   Nico is the love-'em-and-leave-'em type. He is also very family-oriented, sexy as hell and willing to take his time (sort of) with the shy and closed-off Sophie. The sex scenes are AMAZING and off-the-charts steamy!   "I know what I want. I always get what I want. And that's the last thought in my head before I fall asleep."   Until Nico has really strong characters, a very sweet storyline and because Nico is a bounty hunter, there is of course lots of action thrown in. I really liked this story and am looking forward to reading the first three books in this series!
405	Khoa	good	Until Nico is the fourth book in a series but it can be read as a standalone (I have not yet read the first three books and I still thoroughly enjoyed Nico!!) All of the other characters play a role in the story but the author did a great job at making this purely Nico and Sophie's story. I absolutely LOVED the dirty-talking, possessive and sweet Nico! I was surprised at the quick way they met and fell for each other, as I am not usually a fan of Insta-love. But it worked perfectly here.   ""You know, the moment I saw you, I knew you were the one for me," I say gently, watching her eyes get big. "You're mine, Sophie. Every beautiful inch of you is mine."   Nico is the love-'em-and-leave-'em type. He is also very family-oriented, sexy as hell and willing to take his time (sort of) with the shy and closed-off Sophie. The sex scenes are AMAZING and off-the-charts steamy!   "I know what I want. I always get what I want. And that's the last thought in my head before I fall asleep."   Until Nico has really strong characters, a very sweet storyline and because Nico is a bounty hunter, there is of course lots of action thrown in. I really liked this story and am looking forward to reading the first three books in this series!
406	Lan	good	"Someone special once told me to dare to dream. For without dreams, we have nothing to look forward to. I'm starting to believe her."   The Resistance completely took me by surprise with its perfect writing, passionate and heartfelt characters, and absolutely fantastic sexy times!! This is the first book I have read by S.L. Scott and I can't wait to read her other novels.   I went into this blind and was drawn right into the fast-paced story of Holliday and Jack. Thank God for a smart, strong heroine! I am so tired of weak, cookie-cutter heroines and Holli was a breath of fresh air. She created her own business and the corporate side of this story was very realistic and not over-dramatized like many books have done lately. So thank you, Ms. Scott, for that. Holli doesn't need anyone, she's lonely but wrapped up in growing her business. So Jack Dalton is the last person she expects to fall for when she attends a convention in Las Vegas.   They have immediate chemistry but he is actually a very sensitive, lonely guy who also looking for a deeper connection than his usual parade of one-night stands.   Trust me, this book is so well-written that I lost myself in the words and read this in almost 1 day. I wish I would have read The Resistance slower! The storyline is also rich with other characters, and of course, lots and lots of hot sex.   I must feel that the main characters are emotionally connected to each other, and the author succeeds on all levels. I as a reader also must feel a connection to the characters and I really cared about Jack and Holli. Their dialogue is witty, they both grow emotionally during the story, and I can't say anything negative at all about The Resistance. I absolutely love a rock star story that explores the perils of fame and excess, and this book also does that perfectly. A must-read by an author to watch!
406	Khoa	good	"Someone special once told me to dare to dream. For without dreams, we have nothing to look forward to. I'm starting to believe her."   The Resistance completely took me by surprise with its perfect writing, passionate and heartfelt characters, and absolutely fantastic sexy times!! This is the first book I have read by S.L. Scott and I can't wait to read her other novels.   I went into this blind and was drawn right into the fast-paced story of Holliday and Jack. Thank God for a smart, strong heroine! I am so tired of weak, cookie-cutter heroines and Holli was a breath of fresh air. She created her own business and the corporate side of this story was very realistic and not over-dramatized like many books have done lately. So thank you, Ms. Scott, for that. Holli doesn't need anyone, she's lonely but wrapped up in growing her business. So Jack Dalton is the last person she expects to fall for when she attends a convention in Las Vegas.   They have immediate chemistry but he is actually a very sensitive, lonely guy who also looking for a deeper connection than his usual parade of one-night stands.   Trust me, this book is so well-written that I lost myself in the words and read this in almost 1 day. I wish I would have read The Resistance slower! The storyline is also rich with other characters, and of course, lots and lots of hot sex.   I must feel that the main characters are emotionally connected to each other, and the author succeeds on all levels. I as a reader also must feel a connection to the characters and I really cared about Jack and Holli. Their dialogue is witty, they both grow emotionally during the story, and I can't say anything negative at all about The Resistance. I absolutely love a rock star story that explores the perils of fame and excess, and this book also does that perfectly. A must-read by an author to watch!
407	Lan	excellent	4.5 - 5 UNFORGETTABLE STARS!!   If the mark of a good book is that you can't stop thinking about it, then CORRUPT is a winner. I love dark books but even I was close to not finishing this one due to the darkness and rage that filled the early part of the book. But what a story!!! Dark, sexy, thrilling, action-packed...and filled with twists and turns that took this cynical dark romance reader by surprise.   Let me be clear that if Penelope Douglas wrote a grocery list, I would read it. BULLY is one of my favorite books and her new contemporary romance MISCOUNDUCT is one of the best books I've read this year. So there's my disclaimer!   If you are looking for a gripping, edge-of-your-seat book, then CORRUPT is for you. It is rough, it is scary, it is sexy...but it is ultimately incredibly thrilling and emotionally satisfying. And the sex scene near the end of the book? Holy moly. Kudos to you, Ms. Douglas, you thrilled even this jaded erotica reader.   AS I was reading, I couldn't help but fear for Rika and the dire circumstances she found herself in. But she's an unusual female protagonist in that she literally could give as good as she got, and she never, ever once cowered or allowed herself to be overpowered by the "Four Horsemen." I still think about all of these characters weeks after finishing this book. And that to me is what makes a good book great.   CORRUPT is not your average dark romance. It is really a stand-out book. Highly, highly recommended.   FAVORITE QUOTE:   "Redefine normal. None of us know the full measure of our power until we start pushing our boundaries and pressing our luck, and the more we do, the less we care what others think. The freedom feels too good."
407	Khoa	good	4.5 - 5 UNFORGETTABLE STARS!!   If the mark of a good book is that you can't stop thinking about it, then CORRUPT is a winner. I love dark books but even I was close to not finishing this one due to the darkness and rage that filled the early part of the book. But what a story!!! Dark, sexy, thrilling, action-packed...and filled with twists and turns that took this cynical dark romance reader by surprise.   Let me be clear that if Penelope Douglas wrote a grocery list, I would read it. BULLY is one of my favorite books and her new contemporary romance MISCOUNDUCT is one of the best books I've read this year. So there's my disclaimer!   If you are looking for a gripping, edge-of-your-seat book, then CORRUPT is for you. It is rough, it is scary, it is sexy...but it is ultimately incredibly thrilling and emotionally satisfying. And the sex scene near the end of the book? Holy moly. Kudos to you, Ms. Douglas, you thrilled even this jaded erotica reader.   AS I was reading, I couldn't help but fear for Rika and the dire circumstances she found herself in. But she's an unusual female protagonist in that she literally could give as good as she got, and she never, ever once cowered or allowed herself to be overpowered by the "Four Horsemen." I still think about all of these characters weeks after finishing this book. And that to me is what makes a good book great.   CORRUPT is not your average dark romance. It is really a stand-out book. Highly, highly recommended.   FAVORITE QUOTE:   "Redefine normal. None of us know the full measure of our power until we start pushing our boundaries and pressing our luck, and the more we do, the less we care what others think. The freedom feels too good."
408	Lan	average	4.5 stars!!!   What an addictive and enjoyable story! Nicola Haken is a new author for me and I will definitely read more of her books. Being Sawyer Knight is not only an incredibly hot and sexy story, it is also filled with plenty of tender and emotional moments and a beautiful message about learning to love and accept yourself.   Sawyer Knight is a world-famous musician who longs for people to see the real him and not just his rock-star stage persona. He has very little to do with his mother, and had an abusive stepfather who was only interested in Sawyer's fame as a musician. He hasn't spoken to his best friend Jake since they were teenagers, when Sawyer could not deal with Jake making his true feelings known for Sawyer.   Jake has followed Sawyer's career and is the only person who has ever really known the real Sawyer. He comes back into Sawyer's life as his bodyguard and is still very much in love with Sawyer. Now he just has to convince Sawyer that they belong together. The chemistry between these two is literally explosive and burns up the pages! I absolutely fell in love with Jake and his bossy, dominating ways. He cannot stay away from Sawyer, but will Sawyer admit his true feelings for Jake?   This book is told in dual POV's which I thought worked great. There is a side plot involving death threats to the band but to me, it is the scorching hot sex scenes between Jake and Sawyer that made this book come alive. Nicola Haken is an incredibly talented writer and I devoured this book almost in one sitting. There is also a beautiful love story at the heart of this book and I was sad to see Jake and Sawyer's story end! I can't wait to read Ryder's story, which is coming up next.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
408	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!!!   What an addictive and enjoyable story! Nicola Haken is a new author for me and I will definitely read more of her books. Being Sawyer Knight is not only an incredibly hot and sexy story, it is also filled with plenty of tender and emotional moments and a beautiful message about learning to love and accept yourself.   Sawyer Knight is a world-famous musician who longs for people to see the real him and not just his rock-star stage persona. He has very little to do with his mother, and had an abusive stepfather who was only interested in Sawyer's fame as a musician. He hasn't spoken to his best friend Jake since they were teenagers, when Sawyer could not deal with Jake making his true feelings known for Sawyer.   Jake has followed Sawyer's career and is the only person who has ever really known the real Sawyer. He comes back into Sawyer's life as his bodyguard and is still very much in love with Sawyer. Now he just has to convince Sawyer that they belong together. The chemistry between these two is literally explosive and burns up the pages! I absolutely fell in love with Jake and his bossy, dominating ways. He cannot stay away from Sawyer, but will Sawyer admit his true feelings for Jake?   This book is told in dual POV's which I thought worked great. There is a side plot involving death threats to the band but to me, it is the scorching hot sex scenes between Jake and Sawyer that made this book come alive. Nicola Haken is an incredibly talented writer and I devoured this book almost in one sitting. There is also a beautiful love story at the heart of this book and I was sad to see Jake and Sawyer's story end! I can't wait to read Ryder's story, which is coming up next.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
409	Lan	average	(Reviewed by Cathy for The Book Bellas) I was really surprised how much I liked this book. From the start, I was having palpitations. You know when you're reading and you're waiting for a disaster to happen? That was me. I empathized with the main character right from the Prologue. This is my kind of book - Louis is 30, wealthy, hot, a womanizer with a really foul mouth. What more can you ask for? Emily is 18 years old and meets Louis while filling in as a waitress for her sister's catering job. She can't keep her eyes off this magnetic man, who has every women salivating for him. She notices that his eyes are following her the entire time. But he just leaves that night without saying a word to her. Her obsession starts from that day. All she does is fantasze about him. Louis hired her sister's company for more parties. She find out it's him and signs up to work the jobs. Louis approaches her and lets her know how he can't stop thinking about her, and how much he wants her. They go out for coffee and dinner but he is so cocky that she sets him straight, and from there on he switches because he realizes just because she's young, she's not a push over. Their obsession for each grows, they can't be without each other. They are consumed with one another. She lives for only him. He changes his lifestyle for her, stops sleeping around and breaks up the the "boys", his best friends.   Will his past interfere, and her insecurities doom them?   The sex scenes were great. I was so hot the entire read! The ending felt a little forced but all in all Love in Rewind is really worth reading. I have recommended it to all my friends! I give it a 4 - 4.5 stars.
409	Khoa	good	(Reviewed by Cathy for The Book Bellas) I was really surprised how much I liked this book. From the start, I was having palpitations. You know when you're reading and you're waiting for a disaster to happen? That was me. I empathized with the main character right from the Prologue. This is my kind of book - Louis is 30, wealthy, hot, a womanizer with a really foul mouth. What more can you ask for? Emily is 18 years old and meets Louis while filling in as a waitress for her sister's catering job. She can't keep her eyes off this magnetic man, who has every women salivating for him. She notices that his eyes are following her the entire time. But he just leaves that night without saying a word to her. Her obsession starts from that day. All she does is fantasze about him. Louis hired her sister's company for more parties. She find out it's him and signs up to work the jobs. Louis approaches her and lets her know how he can't stop thinking about her, and how much he wants her. They go out for coffee and dinner but he is so cocky that she sets him straight, and from there on he switches because he realizes just because she's young, she's not a push over. Their obsession for each grows, they can't be without each other. They are consumed with one another. She lives for only him. He changes his lifestyle for her, stops sleeping around and breaks up the the "boys", his best friends.   Will his past interfere, and her insecurities doom them?   The sex scenes were great. I was so hot the entire read! The ending felt a little forced but all in all Love in Rewind is really worth reading. I have recommended it to all my friends! I give it a 4 - 4.5 stars.
410	Lan	good	One word: glorious!   Thank the gods for Mia Sheridan! Becoming Calder is so very beautiful, my heart was overflowing in some parts, and breaking in others. This story is completely original and the characters are so brave and honest, that I was lost in this book from beginning to end.   Calder and Eden's story is very unconventional and is very painful in parts. But their bond is so strong and passionate, that I just knew that they would be able to withstand any heartache and pain that came their way. I feel very strongly about the type of "community" that Eden and Calder lived in, and many scenes were almost too painful to read. I feel that the author absolutely nailed the psychological and physical abuse so accurately that it blew me away. This story unfolds layer by layer, with the reader joining in Calder's slowly dawning realization that he and his family did NOT, in fact, live in a paradise.   "We hadn't chosen this life. It had chosen us."   Calder and Eden's love is almost magical. But there is plenty of off-the-charts heat and longing between them to satisfy every contemporary romance reader. The story has tons of twists and turns and there are so many obstacles thrown at Calder and Eden that I was afraid they wouldn't survive.   "Where do you find your strength, Morning Glory, he had asked me.   From you, I had said, smiling and pulling him close."   Try to read this book without reading too many reviews with spoilers. Becoming Calder is passionate, refreshingly original and completely satisfying. A must-read!!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
410	Khoa	good	One word: glorious!   Thank the gods for Mia Sheridan! Becoming Calder is so very beautiful, my heart was overflowing in some parts, and breaking in others. This story is completely original and the characters are so brave and honest, that I was lost in this book from beginning to end.   Calder and Eden's story is very unconventional and is very painful in parts. But their bond is so strong and passionate, that I just knew that they would be able to withstand any heartache and pain that came their way. I feel very strongly about the type of "community" that Eden and Calder lived in, and many scenes were almost too painful to read. I feel that the author absolutely nailed the psychological and physical abuse so accurately that it blew me away. This story unfolds layer by layer, with the reader joining in Calder's slowly dawning realization that he and his family did NOT, in fact, live in a paradise.   "We hadn't chosen this life. It had chosen us."   Calder and Eden's love is almost magical. But there is plenty of off-the-charts heat and longing between them to satisfy every contemporary romance reader. The story has tons of twists and turns and there are so many obstacles thrown at Calder and Eden that I was afraid they wouldn't survive.   "Where do you find your strength, Morning Glory, he had asked me.   From you, I had said, smiling and pulling him close."   Try to read this book without reading too many reviews with spoilers. Becoming Calder is passionate, refreshingly original and completely satisfying. A must-read!!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
411	Lan	average	5++ stars!! Stayed up all night reading!! Many thanks to the author for the ARC because once I started reading, I absolutely could not put it down. Karissa is a poor college student, struggling in particular with a Philosophy class. The professor is a jerk and if she gets a low grade in the class, she will lose her scholarship.   Naz and Clarissa meet by chance outside the classroom when he stops to pay a visit to her professor. He is the quintessential bad boy, but a wealthy one, and slowly begins to sweep Karissa off her feet. She leads a very quiet and simple life, and finds herself falling hard for the incredibly sexy and overwhelming Naz. This is NOT the standard innocent-girl-meets-older-rich-guy trope, instead there are INCREDIBLE twists and some scorching hot sex!!   Naz is a bad boy but he really does treat Karissa like a princess. There is an undercurrent of uneasiness and dread during this book but it is not until the last part of the book that the incredibly shocking plot twists are revealed. I can't wait for the next book, and as for Naz, "Well, step aside, ladies, this one's on me!"
411	Khoa	average	5++ stars!! Stayed up all night reading!! Many thanks to the author for the ARC because once I started reading, I absolutely could not put it down. Karissa is a poor college student, struggling in particular with a Philosophy class. The professor is a jerk and if she gets a low grade in the class, she will lose her scholarship.   Naz and Clarissa meet by chance outside the classroom when he stops to pay a visit to her professor. He is the quintessential bad boy, but a wealthy one, and slowly begins to sweep Karissa off her feet. She leads a very quiet and simple life, and finds herself falling hard for the incredibly sexy and overwhelming Naz. This is NOT the standard innocent-girl-meets-older-rich-guy trope, instead there are INCREDIBLE twists and some scorching hot sex!!   Naz is a bad boy but he really does treat Karissa like a princess. There is an undercurrent of uneasiness and dread during this book but it is not until the last part of the book that the incredibly shocking plot twists are revealed. I can't wait for the next book, and as for Naz, "Well, step aside, ladies, this one's on me!"
412	Lan	average	WOW! If the rest of the Bend Anthology is this smoking hot and unexpected, then it will become one of my favorite reads of 2014. UnRaveled is darkly delicious, sensual, highly erotic and very, very sexy. This is not your usual erotica story, it is has some absolutely yummy twists and turns that satisfied even this most jaded of dark erotica readers. Ms. Bromberg has devoted as much thought and care to this novella as she does to her full-length series. This is no Driven, this is a completely separate, new story from an extremely talented writer. Dive right in, ladies, the water is HOT!!
412	Khoa	average	WOW! If the rest of the Bend Anthology is this smoking hot and unexpected, then it will become one of my favorite reads of 2014. UnRaveled is darkly delicious, sensual, highly erotic and very, very sexy. This is not your usual erotica story, it is has some absolutely yummy twists and turns that satisfied even this most jaded of dark erotica readers. Ms. Bromberg has devoted as much thought and care to this novella as she does to her full-length series. This is no Driven, this is a completely separate, new story from an extremely talented writer. Dive right in, ladies, the water is HOT!!
413	Lan	average	Emma Chase is one of my favorite contemporary romance authors and I absolutely loved getting a Drew POV. Ms. Chase is a master (mistress?) at writing a sexy, sarcastic and funny male POV, and Tied does not disappoint! Drew is funny, smart, honest and totally lovable.   Drew and Kate and their friends all take a trip to Las Vegas before their wedding. And of course there's a million ways that this trip could go south. One of my favorite things about this series is how the characters speak directly to the reader, and Tied delivers all of the things I adore about this series plus more. It's funny, poignant and sexy, all in one. And there are some really beautiful sentiments about marriage and commitment, too. Awwww!   This is a light, easy, totally fun read, and is a delicious end to a beloved series. I am going to miss Drew and Kate!!   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
413	Khoa	average	Emma Chase is one of my favorite contemporary romance authors and I absolutely loved getting a Drew POV. Ms. Chase is a master (mistress?) at writing a sexy, sarcastic and funny male POV, and Tied does not disappoint! Drew is funny, smart, honest and totally lovable.   Drew and Kate and their friends all take a trip to Las Vegas before their wedding. And of course there's a million ways that this trip could go south. One of my favorite things about this series is how the characters speak directly to the reader, and Tied delivers all of the things I adore about this series plus more. It's funny, poignant and sexy, all in one. And there are some really beautiful sentiments about marriage and commitment, too. Awwww!   This is a light, easy, totally fun read, and is a delicious end to a beloved series. I am going to miss Drew and Kate!!   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
414	Lan	poor	Review to follow.
414	Khoa	poor	Review to follow.
415	Lan	excellent	6 STARS!!!!   This book HOOKED me from the first page until the very end. The author has given me another great love with M, and the story to me was every bit as gripping and gut-wrenching as Jesse and Ava's story. I was SO excited to read an early copy of this book!! One Night: Promised is a 6-star read for me and it is NOT to be missed.   Livy is a very relatable woman, a bit of an underachiever but working hard to put her past dysfunctional family life behind her. She leads a rather quiet and sad life. At first, she resists the mysterious stranger who visits her coffee shop, but M is nothing if not persistent and she finds herself accepting his very risky proposition - spend just one glorious night together.   "I know a bad thing when I see it, and standing behind me is a man who could crush my logic."   M is HOT and if you think this is a standard romance story, you are WRONG. M is nuanced, damaged, and yes, ultimately very lovable and Livy falls hard. This book has a TON of twists and heart-stopping turns so this review will be spoiler-free. The story is filled with fantastic, memorable characters including a wonderful supporting cast of friends and the amazing, funny and incorrigible Nan, Livy's grandmother.   Livy has blocked off her emotions for a very long time but she cannot resist M's no-strings-attached proposition. He makes her feel alive, BUT she does push back at certain points in the story which I found to be very believable and true to her character. M has many, many faults, and he turns out to be a very flawed, very human character. I fell in love with him immediately.   "I've always tried to keep my life simple, but now I'm craving a complication - a tall, dark-haired, mysterious complication."   I absolutely LOVED the gentlemanly, "formal" side of M. It fit in perfectly with his personality. This book has a slow build to it but you will be generously rewarded by sticking to the story. The author   thrilled me to my very soul by the end of the book. M to me is a actually a very loving person, wrapped up in a stunningly handsome, rather cold exterior. He makes makes a real effort to be close to Livy, to treasure her and care for her in his own way.   "Beautiful things should be savored, Livy, not rushed."   Overall, One Night: Promised is one of my top reads of the year so far. I absolutely cannot wait for November!!   "Each and every moment will be etched on that beautiful mind of yours forever. Every kiss. Every touch. Every word."   *ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.   Check out our interview with Jodi Ellen Malpas at The Book Bellas
415	Khoa	excellent	6 STARS!!!!   This book HOOKED me from the first page until the very end. The author has given me another great love with M, and the story to me was every bit as gripping and gut-wrenching as Jesse and Ava's story. I was SO excited to read an early copy of this book!! One Night: Promised is a 6-star read for me and it is NOT to be missed.   Livy is a very relatable woman, a bit of an underachiever but working hard to put her past dysfunctional family life behind her. She leads a rather quiet and sad life. At first, she resists the mysterious stranger who visits her coffee shop, but M is nothing if not persistent and she finds herself accepting his very risky proposition - spend just one glorious night together.   "I know a bad thing when I see it, and standing behind me is a man who could crush my logic."   M is HOT and if you think this is a standard romance story, you are WRONG. M is nuanced, damaged, and yes, ultimately very lovable and Livy falls hard. This book has a TON of twists and heart-stopping turns so this review will be spoiler-free. The story is filled with fantastic, memorable characters including a wonderful supporting cast of friends and the amazing, funny and incorrigible Nan, Livy's grandmother.   Livy has blocked off her emotions for a very long time but she cannot resist M's no-strings-attached proposition. He makes her feel alive, BUT she does push back at certain points in the story which I found to be very believable and true to her character. M has many, many faults, and he turns out to be a very flawed, very human character. I fell in love with him immediately.   "I've always tried to keep my life simple, but now I'm craving a complication - a tall, dark-haired, mysterious complication."   I absolutely LOVED the gentlemanly, "formal" side of M. It fit in perfectly with his personality. This book has a slow build to it but you will be generously rewarded by sticking to the story. The author   thrilled me to my very soul by the end of the book. M to me is a actually a very loving person, wrapped up in a stunningly handsome, rather cold exterior. He makes makes a real effort to be close to Livy, to treasure her and care for her in his own way.   "Beautiful things should be savored, Livy, not rushed."   Overall, One Night: Promised is one of my top reads of the year so far. I absolutely cannot wait for November!!   "Each and every moment will be etched on that beautiful mind of yours forever. Every kiss. Every touch. Every word."   *ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.   Check out our interview with Jodi Ellen Malpas at The Book Bellas
416	Lan	average	Joint review for this one. Cathy:   5 stars!!   Jodi Ellen Malpas is a genius at making you feel sorry for her Alpha male even though he is so f*****d up, and knowing the heroine should RUN not walk the other way! I wanted Livy to stay and fight for Miller. And the author's phrasing is absolutely epic. I fell in love with the characters all over again in this book and wanted more.   I adored One Night Denied. I felt that Ms. Malpas really tapped into Miller's emotions and even though I believe that we really don't know his whole story yet, I was okay with the parts of his past that the author revealed. I loved this book even more than the first one and I cannot wait for the third book.   Ellen:   4.5 stars!!   I absolutely fell in love with Miller Hart all over again. This book begins right after Book 1 so there will be no spoilers here. The passion and the intensity that Miller feels for Livy were the best parts of the book for me. My heart broke for him in this book, and I was praying that Livy would get beyond her own painful past and let Miller love her. This is a man truly and deeply in love and he would let nothing and no one stand in his way. That is one of the many things that I love about the author's tortured heroes.   "I'm madly fascinated by you, Olivia Taylor. You fill my dark world with light and my hollow heart with feelings. I've persistently informed you that I'll never go down easily."   While I was not as obsessed with this book as I was with One Night: Promised, I absolutely loved it and I am very impatiently waiting for the next installment in Miller and Livy's story. Jodi Ellen Malpas remains one of my favorite contemporary romance authors and I treasure every word she writes.   (Thanks to the publisher for an ARC of One Night: Denied)
416	Khoa	good	Joint review for this one. Cathy:   5 stars!!   Jodi Ellen Malpas is a genius at making you feel sorry for her Alpha male even though he is so f*****d up, and knowing the heroine should RUN not walk the other way! I wanted Livy to stay and fight for Miller. And the author's phrasing is absolutely epic. I fell in love with the characters all over again in this book and wanted more.   I adored One Night Denied. I felt that Ms. Malpas really tapped into Miller's emotions and even though I believe that we really don't know his whole story yet, I was okay with the parts of his past that the author revealed. I loved this book even more than the first one and I cannot wait for the third book.   Ellen:   4.5 stars!!   I absolutely fell in love with Miller Hart all over again. This book begins right after Book 1 so there will be no spoilers here. The passion and the intensity that Miller feels for Livy were the best parts of the book for me. My heart broke for him in this book, and I was praying that Livy would get beyond her own painful past and let Miller love her. This is a man truly and deeply in love and he would let nothing and no one stand in his way. That is one of the many things that I love about the author's tortured heroes.   "I'm madly fascinated by you, Olivia Taylor. You fill my dark world with light and my hollow heart with feelings. I've persistently informed you that I'll never go down easily."   While I was not as obsessed with this book as I was with One Night: Promised, I absolutely loved it and I am very impatiently waiting for the next installment in Miller and Livy's story. Jodi Ellen Malpas remains one of my favorite contemporary romance authors and I treasure every word she writes.   (Thanks to the publisher for an ARC of One Night: Denied)
417	Lan	average	If you love a hard-working, sexy but sweet cowboy and a feisty heroine, you will love Rising Assets! This was my first book by Rebecca Zanetti and I loved it! Although Rising Assets is part of a series, you can definitely read it as a standalone.   Colt and Melanie have been close friends since they were very young. Life has not been easy for Mel but she is too proud to turn to Colt for any help. No need - Colt steps right in when he sees Mel struggling to work three jobs. He has a great plan for a new business venture but along they way, the friends start to see each other in a different way. And who can resist a sexy Alpha cowboy who's smart and driven at business??   "If you're not smart enough to take care of yourself, you damn well do take orders from me."   He stepped into her space. "If I had really spanked you, darlin', you'd know it."   Colt is one hot cowboy who never really wanted more than a one-night stand and Mel is looking for stability and a happy ending. Can they make their incredible chemistry last? Rising Assets is a hot, sexy and fairly quick read featuring a bunch of Alpha males who know how to take charge. I absolutely loved the characters and the storyline. The ending left me breathless and I can't wait to read more from Ms. Zanetti!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
417	Khoa	average	If you love a hard-working, sexy but sweet cowboy and a feisty heroine, you will love Rising Assets! This was my first book by Rebecca Zanetti and I loved it! Although Rising Assets is part of a series, you can definitely read it as a standalone.   Colt and Melanie have been close friends since they were very young. Life has not been easy for Mel but she is too proud to turn to Colt for any help. No need - Colt steps right in when he sees Mel struggling to work three jobs. He has a great plan for a new business venture but along they way, the friends start to see each other in a different way. And who can resist a sexy Alpha cowboy who's smart and driven at business??   "If you're not smart enough to take care of yourself, you damn well do take orders from me."   He stepped into her space. "If I had really spanked you, darlin', you'd know it."   Colt is one hot cowboy who never really wanted more than a one-night stand and Mel is looking for stability and a happy ending. Can they make their incredible chemistry last? Rising Assets is a hot, sexy and fairly quick read featuring a bunch of Alpha males who know how to take charge. I absolutely loved the characters and the storyline. The ending left me breathless and I can't wait to read more from Ms. Zanetti!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
418	Lan	poor	Good debut from this author. Review to come!
418	Khoa	poor	Good debut from this author. Review to come!
419	Lan	average	Fantastic story for fans of dark romance!!   Torrent took me by surprise and didn't let go of my heart until the last word. I need Book #2! Rafe is one of the most dangerous but most sympathetic characters I've come across in a long time. I can absolutely see why Alex has been in love with him since she was a young girl. She has lived a very rough life, perfect from the outside but tortured behind closed doors. She has had to endure unimaginable abuse, both emotional and physical.   Heed the warnings on this book, the story is a rough one, but it is incredibly well-written, totally sexy and has a fantastic, creative plot. I loved the dual POV's which were a great way to garner sympathy for even an unsympathetic character. This is a story of obsession, lust, love and revenge, and I loved every word. Gemma James has now become a 1-click author for me. She has created a world that I did not want to leave once I finished Torrent, and isn't that the best form of escapism?   The ending will leave you reeling and dying for the next book in this series. Not sure I can wait until release and I have already ordered the next book! I am not giving anything away as far as the plot goes because Torrent should be enjoyed without knowing any plot spoilers. Grab this one if you are a fan of dark, sexy reads with a strong Alpha male, you will not be disappointed.   *ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.*
419	Khoa	average	Fantastic story for fans of dark romance!!   Torrent took me by surprise and didn't let go of my heart until the last word. I need Book #2! Rafe is one of the most dangerous but most sympathetic characters I've come across in a long time. I can absolutely see why Alex has been in love with him since she was a young girl. She has lived a very rough life, perfect from the outside but tortured behind closed doors. She has had to endure unimaginable abuse, both emotional and physical.   Heed the warnings on this book, the story is a rough one, but it is incredibly well-written, totally sexy and has a fantastic, creative plot. I loved the dual POV's which were a great way to garner sympathy for even an unsympathetic character. This is a story of obsession, lust, love and revenge, and I loved every word. Gemma James has now become a 1-click author for me. She has created a world that I did not want to leave once I finished Torrent, and isn't that the best form of escapism?   The ending will leave you reeling and dying for the next book in this series. Not sure I can wait until release and I have already ordered the next book! I am not giving anything away as far as the plot goes because Torrent should be enjoyed without knowing any plot spoilers. Grab this one if you are a fan of dark, sexy reads with a strong Alpha male, you will not be disappointed.   *ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.*
420	Lan	average	4.5 SMOKING HOT stars!!   Um...wow...what did I just read? If It Drives is hands-down my favorite book in the Market Garden series. This story focuses on "Red Tie guy", the wealthy banker James Harcourt.   His driver Cal has a crush on James, and wants to figure out why James keeps going back to Market Garden when Cal is available and literally right in front of his face. One night they cross over the employer/employee line, and what a night it is! But something seems lacking, and Cal feels that he can't quite give James what he really needs. Cal then embarks on a journey to explore his own Dom side and he and James have some smoking hot scenes together. But will James realize that Cal wants more than meaningless, one-night stands?   If It Drives turned into a quite tender and lovely romance between Cal and James in between all the scorching hot scenes. I absolutely loved the development of their Dominant/submissive relationship and did I mention the sex scenes BURN UP up the page? I also loved the emotional connection between the characters, and Cal's inner dialogue. He came across as surprisingly thoughtful and sweet, an interesting mix with his Dom tendencies.   This is a fantastic addition to the Market Garden series and I highly recommend this book for anyone who loves a gutsy, sexy and surprisingly emotional love story.
420	Khoa	average	4.5 SMOKING HOT stars!!   Um...wow...what did I just read? If It Drives is hands-down my favorite book in the Market Garden series. This story focuses on "Red Tie guy", the wealthy banker James Harcourt.   His driver Cal has a crush on James, and wants to figure out why James keeps going back to Market Garden when Cal is available and literally right in front of his face. One night they cross over the employer/employee line, and what a night it is! But something seems lacking, and Cal feels that he can't quite give James what he really needs. Cal then embarks on a journey to explore his own Dom side and he and James have some smoking hot scenes together. But will James realize that Cal wants more than meaningless, one-night stands?   If It Drives turned into a quite tender and lovely romance between Cal and James in between all the scorching hot scenes. I absolutely loved the development of their Dominant/submissive relationship and did I mention the sex scenes BURN UP up the page? I also loved the emotional connection between the characters, and Cal's inner dialogue. He came across as surprisingly thoughtful and sweet, an interesting mix with his Dom tendencies.   This is a fantastic addition to the Market Garden series and I highly recommend this book for anyone who loves a gutsy, sexy and surprisingly emotional love story.
421	Lan	good	Tessa Bailey is known for writing the dirtiest-talking Alphas around. This book was released under Entangled Embrace, so it's not quite as dirty but I absolutely loved it! This is Willa and Shane's story. Willa first appeared in 'Protecting What's His', from the author's Line of Duty series, and I have been looking forward to her story ever since we met Ginger's younger sister.   Willa has won a photography contest and the prize is a trip to Ireland. She has broken up with her boyfriend and is tortured over whether she did the right thing. She is met at the airport by her ride to the bed-and-breakfast, none other than the handsome, sexy and apparently very angry Shane. He is none to happy to be burdened with fetching Willa from the airport and they immediately argue. She stands up to him, which most people do not do, and fireworks ensue.   Unfixable is a sexy, layered and nuanced story that captured my attention from the beginning to end. Tortured, sexy Irishman with a soft heart? Check. Beautifully described Irish locales? Check. Troubled, insecure and beautiful heroine? Check! Add some really hot and sexy times and you have a perfect romance novel.   The characters are all incredibly well-written, Shane and Willa both have issues that they must come to terms with, and above it all, this book has real heart. I absolutely love Tessa Bailey's books and will read anything this woman writes. If you want a perfect escapist story, then Unfixable is the book for you.
421	Khoa	average	Tessa Bailey is known for writing the dirtiest-talking Alphas around. This book was released under Entangled Embrace, so it's not quite as dirty but I absolutely loved it! This is Willa and Shane's story. Willa first appeared in 'Protecting What's His', from the author's Line of Duty series, and I have been looking forward to her story ever since we met Ginger's younger sister.   Willa has won a photography contest and the prize is a trip to Ireland. She has broken up with her boyfriend and is tortured over whether she did the right thing. She is met at the airport by her ride to the bed-and-breakfast, none other than the handsome, sexy and apparently very angry Shane. He is none to happy to be burdened with fetching Willa from the airport and they immediately argue. She stands up to him, which most people do not do, and fireworks ensue.   Unfixable is a sexy, layered and nuanced story that captured my attention from the beginning to end. Tortured, sexy Irishman with a soft heart? Check. Beautifully described Irish locales? Check. Troubled, insecure and beautiful heroine? Check! Add some really hot and sexy times and you have a perfect romance novel.   The characters are all incredibly well-written, Shane and Willa both have issues that they must come to terms with, and above it all, this book has real heart. I absolutely love Tessa Bailey's books and will read anything this woman writes. If you want a perfect escapist story, then Unfixable is the book for you.
422	Lan	average	4.5 stars!! Sweet Filthy Boy is the first book in Wild Seasons, a new series from these authors, and if the next books are anything like this one, this will be an AMAZING series! I really didn't expect to love Sweet Filthy Boy as much as I did, but the story and the characters drew me right in and this book far exceeded my expectations.   This book starts out with a twist and builds from there. Mia and her friends go to Las Vegas after college graduation as a gift from the parents of one of the friends. Mia is determined to let loose for a weekend before she follows her father's wishes and heads off the graduate business school in Boston. She gets more than she bargained for after one wild night with the gorgeous, sexy but oh-so-sensitive Ansel, who is visiting from France.   Mia decides to spend the summer with Ansel in France. This book really transports the reader to the different locales and I loved being lost in the story. Las Vegas, San Diego, Paris... the cities each almost became another character in the book. I absolutely fell in love with Ansel and the sexy times in this story are SMOKING HOT, off the charts! The writing is perfection and I want to get to know all of the characters better!   I really wasn't sure how this book was going to turn out, and I was glued to the pages until the very end. I loved this book, I loved Ansel and can't wait for more in this series!   (Copy provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
422	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!! Sweet Filthy Boy is the first book in Wild Seasons, a new series from these authors, and if the next books are anything like this one, this will be an AMAZING series! I really didn't expect to love Sweet Filthy Boy as much as I did, but the story and the characters drew me right in and this book far exceeded my expectations.   This book starts out with a twist and builds from there. Mia and her friends go to Las Vegas after college graduation as a gift from the parents of one of the friends. Mia is determined to let loose for a weekend before she follows her father's wishes and heads off the graduate business school in Boston. She gets more than she bargained for after one wild night with the gorgeous, sexy but oh-so-sensitive Ansel, who is visiting from France.   Mia decides to spend the summer with Ansel in France. This book really transports the reader to the different locales and I loved being lost in the story. Las Vegas, San Diego, Paris... the cities each almost became another character in the book. I absolutely fell in love with Ansel and the sexy times in this story are SMOKING HOT, off the charts! The writing is perfection and I want to get to know all of the characters better!   I really wasn't sure how this book was going to turn out, and I was glued to the pages until the very end. I loved this book, I loved Ansel and can't wait for more in this series!   (Copy provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
423	Lan	average	I liked this installment better than the first one! Andrew still can't get enough of Aubrey and she is still dealing with her very dysfunctional family. This is a quick read and sat on my currently-reading shelf forever. I can't wait for the next installment because this one ends abruptly and I'm dying to know what happened to Andrew to make him so screwed up when it comes to women and relationships. Loved the sex scenes, this is a quick and steamy read with good character development. Hurry up Whitney!!! I'm dying here!!
423	Khoa	average	I liked this installment better than the first one! Andrew still can't get enough of Aubrey and she is still dealing with her very dysfunctional family. This is a quick read and sat on my currently-reading shelf forever. I can't wait for the next installment because this one ends abruptly and I'm dying to know what happened to Andrew to make him so screwed up when it comes to women and relationships. Loved the sex scenes, this is a quick and steamy read with good character development. Hurry up Whitney!!! I'm dying here!!
424	Lan	average	This novella gets 5 stars for the absolutely smoking hot sex scenes and great dialogue, and 1 star for the often laughable supporting storyline. There are so many completely made-up details in this story that would never, ever happen in real life (and would land the main characters in a real courtroom) that it made it very difficult for me to enjoy the sexy and engaging banter between the two main characters. I did love the alternating POV's but the glaring inaccuracies in this story aggravated the hell out of me. This is pure, escapist fantasy, that can be read in just one sitting. The author does a great job at establishing an emotional connection between the characters and I definitely will read the next installment.
424	Khoa	average	This novella gets 5 stars for the absolutely smoking hot sex scenes and great dialogue, and 1 star for the often laughable supporting storyline. There are so many completely made-up details in this story that would never, ever happen in real life (and would land the main characters in a real courtroom) that it made it very difficult for me to enjoy the sexy and engaging banter between the two main characters. I did love the alternating POV's but the glaring inaccuracies in this story aggravated the hell out of me. This is pure, escapist fantasy, that can be read in just one sitting. The author does a great job at establishing an emotional connection between the characters and I definitely will read the next installment.
425	Lan	average	Bang is the kind of book that will make you say "WOW" when you finish. This review will be very vague on details because Bang absolutely must be read without any spoilers - this story will simply take you on a wild roller coaster ride from start to finish.   All of these author's books are beautifully written but in my opinion, Bang is the best book she has written so far. I don't know where she dreamed up this storyline from, but it is gripping, erotic, gut-wrenching, suspenseful and incredibly creative all at once. I fell in love with all of the characters, and was blown away by the fantastic story.   Bang is an absolute must-read! It is highly erotic and very, very dark. And yes, the ending will totally leave you guessing as to what happens next. I miss these characters and can't wait for the next book in this series!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
425	Khoa	average	Bang is the kind of book that will make you say "WOW" when you finish. This review will be very vague on details because Bang absolutely must be read without any spoilers - this story will simply take you on a wild roller coaster ride from start to finish.   All of these author's books are beautifully written but in my opinion, Bang is the best book she has written so far. I don't know where she dreamed up this storyline from, but it is gripping, erotic, gut-wrenching, suspenseful and incredibly creative all at once. I fell in love with all of the characters, and was blown away by the fantastic story.   Bang is an absolute must-read! It is highly erotic and very, very dark. And yes, the ending will totally leave you guessing as to what happens next. I miss these characters and can't wait for the next book in this series!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
426	Lan	average	5 Time-Is-Precious-Stars!!   I have a confession to make: I read this book a while ago and have simmered over what I could possibly write that would do justice to this unexpectedly sexy, warm-hearted and funny story. Slow Burn was nothing that I expected from Ms. Bromberg, and it totally took me by surprise and blew me away!!   Ah, Becks and Haddie. If you think you know them from the Driven Trilogy, you will see them in a whole new light in Slow Burn. With that being said, this book can absolutely be read and enjoyed as a standalone. Becks and Haddie had one night together and he knows in his heart that he won't be able to stay away from Haddie, even though she presents a tough-as-nails exterior to the world. He sees the real her. I read this book literally on the edge of my seat and I have never appreciated Ms. Bromberg's brand of humor more!   Favorite quotes:   "Time is precious. Waste it wisely."   "I just figured you were having some regression pussy."   "Whenever I don't want to deal..., I go and have meaningless sex to not think about it. 'Slut glut, I believe is my term for it."   "Slow burn, my ass. More like fire in the goddamn hole."   "Goddmann estrogen vortex."   Slow Burn will make you laugh, cry and SWOON. It's a must-read and is destined to become another beloved contemporary romance from K. Bromberg.
426	Khoa	good	5 Time-Is-Precious-Stars!!   I have a confession to make: I read this book a while ago and have simmered over what I could possibly write that would do justice to this unexpectedly sexy, warm-hearted and funny story. Slow Burn was nothing that I expected from Ms. Bromberg, and it totally took me by surprise and blew me away!!   Ah, Becks and Haddie. If you think you know them from the Driven Trilogy, you will see them in a whole new light in Slow Burn. With that being said, this book can absolutely be read and enjoyed as a standalone. Becks and Haddie had one night together and he knows in his heart that he won't be able to stay away from Haddie, even though she presents a tough-as-nails exterior to the world. He sees the real her. I read this book literally on the edge of my seat and I have never appreciated Ms. Bromberg's brand of humor more!   Favorite quotes:   "Time is precious. Waste it wisely."   "I just figured you were having some regression pussy."   "Whenever I don't want to deal..., I go and have meaningless sex to not think about it. 'Slut glut, I believe is my term for it."   "Slow burn, my ass. More like fire in the goddamn hole."   "Goddmann estrogen vortex."   Slow Burn will make you laugh, cry and SWOON. It's a must-read and is destined to become another beloved contemporary romance from K. Bromberg.
427	Lan	average	5 heart-stopping stars!!   Oh Mia, what have you done to my heart?   If you have read Mia Asher's first book ARSEN, then you know she is a master storyteller, taking the reader down one path and then surprising you with a twist that you didn't see coming. And that is exactly the way I felt when reading EASY VIRTUE. This book drew me in, grabbed me and didn't let go! I read this incredibly HOT book almost in one sitting. Blaire seems unlikeable, cold and calculating from the outside, but she really is a product of her sad childhood and massive insecurities that have shaped her adult life. Is she really capable of real love? I think so but you have to read this gem of a book for yourself to find out.   I absolutely fell in love with Ronan, he seems the perfect match for Blaire and he might be the one to show her true love. There are lots of twists and turns in this book and it should be read without reading any spoilers. It is the kind of book that warrants a re-read because there are hints dropped here and there about the future of the story. Make no mistake, this is an incredibly sexy and fast-paced read, and will have you turning the pages until the very end. My only complaint: I NEED MORE RONAN, NOW!! Highly recommended!!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
427	Khoa	good	5 heart-stopping stars!!   Oh Mia, what have you done to my heart?   If you have read Mia Asher's first book ARSEN, then you know she is a master storyteller, taking the reader down one path and then surprising you with a twist that you didn't see coming. And that is exactly the way I felt when reading EASY VIRTUE. This book drew me in, grabbed me and didn't let go! I read this incredibly HOT book almost in one sitting. Blaire seems unlikeable, cold and calculating from the outside, but she really is a product of her sad childhood and massive insecurities that have shaped her adult life. Is she really capable of real love? I think so but you have to read this gem of a book for yourself to find out.   I absolutely fell in love with Ronan, he seems the perfect match for Blaire and he might be the one to show her true love. There are lots of twists and turns in this book and it should be read without reading any spoilers. It is the kind of book that warrants a re-read because there are hints dropped here and there about the future of the story. Make no mistake, this is an incredibly sexy and fast-paced read, and will have you turning the pages until the very end. My only complaint: I NEED MORE RONAN, NOW!! Highly recommended!!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
428	Lan	excellent	5+++ stars! Rex took my breath away. A must-read!   This incredible book begins with this beautiful dedication:   "To every child who waited for a savior that never came."   You don't need to be a fan of fighter books to absolutely cherish this heartbreaking and ultimately incredibly uplifting story of Rex and Georgia. Fighting for Flight is one of my top reads so far of 2014 and stayed with me long after I finished.   This book paints a vividly detailed picture of the heartbreaking pasts of Rex and Georgia. He was in foster care with her, but he had a nightmarish childhood that haunts him in expected ways as an adult. He is troubled both sexually and emotionally and can never quite put his finger on what is at the root of his problems. He does know that he is attracted to the somewhat elusive new friend.   Rex is both a singer in a band and a fighter. While he can't recall his childhood, she holds the key to his past, and while she is desperately trying to correct her past mistakes, and alleviate some of the crushing guilt she has carried with her for her entire life, she doesn't always go about it in the best way. Assumptions are made, hearts are broken, beautiful words are spoken...and during this incredible book, I absolutely fell in love with Rex.   "The pain. It's the only thing that reminds me I'm alive. When most of the time I wish I were dead."   Georgia understands Rex on a very deep and intimate level and their scenes together are breathtaking! I was blown away by the incredible intimacy and deep emotional connection Ms. Salsbury created between the two characters, a connection that is often missing for me in most books.   The author doesn't try to gloss over Rex's horrific childhood. His present-day obsessive-compulsive disorder is honestly dealt with and very detailed. I loved the fact that Rex was also a musician and his lyrics are testament to the author's incredible writing talent and creativity:   Vivid dreams, different faces   Waves of hate and lust in traces   Festering sickness, my insides rot   There's no pill for what I've got.   Fighting to Forget is a must-read. It has steam, unforgettable characters, a heartbreaking storyline, intensity, creativity and emotion. Do not miss this one!! Jamie Salsbury has become my new 1-click author and I can't wait for more books in this series.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
428	Khoa	excellent	5+++ stars! Rex took my breath away. A must-read!   This incredible book begins with this beautiful dedication:   "To every child who waited for a savior that never came."   You don't need to be a fan of fighter books to absolutely cherish this heartbreaking and ultimately incredibly uplifting story of Rex and Georgia. Fighting for Flight is one of my top reads so far of 2014 and stayed with me long after I finished.   This book paints a vividly detailed picture of the heartbreaking pasts of Rex and Georgia. He was in foster care with her, but he had a nightmarish childhood that haunts him in expected ways as an adult. He is troubled both sexually and emotionally and can never quite put his finger on what is at the root of his problems. He does know that he is attracted to the somewhat elusive new friend.   Rex is both a singer in a band and a fighter. While he can't recall his childhood, she holds the key to his past, and while she is desperately trying to correct her past mistakes, and alleviate some of the crushing guilt she has carried with her for her entire life, she doesn't always go about it in the best way. Assumptions are made, hearts are broken, beautiful words are spoken...and during this incredible book, I absolutely fell in love with Rex.   "The pain. It's the only thing that reminds me I'm alive. When most of the time I wish I were dead."   Georgia understands Rex on a very deep and intimate level and their scenes together are breathtaking! I was blown away by the incredible intimacy and deep emotional connection Ms. Salsbury created between the two characters, a connection that is often missing for me in most books.   The author doesn't try to gloss over Rex's horrific childhood. His present-day obsessive-compulsive disorder is honestly dealt with and very detailed. I loved the fact that Rex was also a musician and his lyrics are testament to the author's incredible writing talent and creativity:   Vivid dreams, different faces   Waves of hate and lust in traces   Festering sickness, my insides rot   There's no pill for what I've got.   Fighting to Forget is a must-read. It has steam, unforgettable characters, a heartbreaking storyline, intensity, creativity and emotion. Do not miss this one!! Jamie Salsbury has become my new 1-click author and I can't wait for more books in this series.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
429	Lan	good	This dark and fantastic story completely and utterly thrilled me and captivated me from the very first page. Our heroine Nila is a successful fashion designer, although she has led a somewhat sheltered life (which actually plays quite nicely into the storyline). On the night of her big runway show, she encounters Jethro Hawk and she senses immediately that her life will change. And does it ever.   "That was my last day of freedom. The last day that was my own."   As a huge Pepper Winters fan, I absoultely loved this mind-f* of a story and the dark elements did not disturb me, but only enthralled me. It seems as though the demanding Jethro has no redeeming qualities, but I feel there are hints of much more to come about this mysterious man in the future installments. He fascinated me. The story is quite twisty and yes, somewhat fantastical, but this is a true page-turner, no doubt about it.   "One mistake six hundred years ago put a curse on her entire family. One mistake sold her life to me in a mountain of unpayable debt. I inherited her. I preyed on her. I owned her life and had the piece of paper to prove it."   I absolutely loved this book and urge you to give it a try. Yes, there is a cliffhanger but the story is so well-written, it is truly one of a kind ad not to be missed.
429	Khoa	average	This dark and fantastic story completely and utterly thrilled me and captivated me from the very first page. Our heroine Nila is a successful fashion designer, although she has led a somewhat sheltered life (which actually plays quite nicely into the storyline). On the night of her big runway show, she encounters Jethro Hawk and she senses immediately that her life will change. And does it ever.   "That was my last day of freedom. The last day that was my own."   As a huge Pepper Winters fan, I absoultely loved this mind-f* of a story and the dark elements did not disturb me, but only enthralled me. It seems as though the demanding Jethro has no redeeming qualities, but I feel there are hints of much more to come about this mysterious man in the future installments. He fascinated me. The story is quite twisty and yes, somewhat fantastical, but this is a true page-turner, no doubt about it.   "One mistake six hundred years ago put a curse on her entire family. One mistake sold her life to me in a mountain of unpayable debt. I inherited her. I preyed on her. I owned her life and had the piece of paper to prove it."   I absolutely loved this book and urge you to give it a try. Yes, there is a cliffhanger but the story is so well-written, it is truly one of a kind ad not to be missed.
430	Lan	average	6 stars. Absolute perfection!!   Seriously, how can I even begin to discuss a book that has shot to the top of my list of favorite books ever? Colleen Hoover has written another magical, perfect story that will grab your heartstrings and will not let go until the very end. I have to make this review intentionally vague because there is a major plot twist in Maybe Someday that must be experienced first-hand and should not be known before you start reading this book.   "Sometimes in life, we need a few bad days in order to keep the good ones in perspective."   Truer words were never spoken. Sydney and Ridge's story was like nothing I have read before. And Maybe Someday is SO much more than just a book, there is a gorgeous soundtrack that accompanies the story and makes this an unforgettable reading and listening experience.   Ridge is hands-down my new favorite book boyfriend. Ms. Hoover has taken a familiar genre, and created an imaginative and unexpected story that surprised and thrilled me and left me with a serious book hangover after finishing. This book is perfection and it is an absolute must-read!!   (ARC obtained from NetGalley)
430	Khoa	average	6 stars. Absolute perfection!!   Seriously, how can I even begin to discuss a book that has shot to the top of my list of favorite books ever? Colleen Hoover has written another magical, perfect story that will grab your heartstrings and will not let go until the very end. I have to make this review intentionally vague because there is a major plot twist in Maybe Someday that must be experienced first-hand and should not be known before you start reading this book.   "Sometimes in life, we need a few bad days in order to keep the good ones in perspective."   Truer words were never spoken. Sydney and Ridge's story was like nothing I have read before. And Maybe Someday is SO much more than just a book, there is a gorgeous soundtrack that accompanies the story and makes this an unforgettable reading and listening experience.   Ridge is hands-down my new favorite book boyfriend. Ms. Hoover has taken a familiar genre, and created an imaginative and unexpected story that surprised and thrilled me and left me with a serious book hangover after finishing. This book is perfection and it is an absolute must-read!!   (ARC obtained from NetGalley)
431	Lan	good	4.5 stars   Wow! A true m/m contemporary romance with two gorgeous, loving and confident men! I loved this book. I read a lot of m/m books and Always was a refreshingly different and wonderful story! I was hooked from the first glance between Avery and Kane and read this beautifully written book almost in one sitting.   Although I am not a fan of insta-love, the author handled the stunning attraction between Avery and Kane in a fantastic way in Always. Once these two met, there was no turning back.   "Kane could feel his soul being extracted from his body. His heart followed, no longer his own, but given to this man he didn't even know. In a matter of a few short minutes, he had become one with this man in from of him."   These two embark on a wonderful journey together and Ms. Alexander handles their lives with beauty and grace. Oh, and the sex scenes are absolutely some of the steamiest I have ever read. These two have a chemistry that jumps right off the page! I needed a cold shower after reading this book. I'll keep this review spoiler-free, because there are some major surprises that I did not see coming and this book should be read without knowing the plot twists.   Even if you are not a fan of the m/m contemporary romance genre, I highly recommend giving this book a try. It is lushly written and completely satisfying in terms of the emotional connection between the two main characters. I fell in love with Kane and Avery and I already miss them! I can't wait to read more of Kindle Alexander's books!
431	Khoa	average	4.5 stars   Wow! A true m/m contemporary romance with two gorgeous, loving and confident men! I loved this book. I read a lot of m/m books and Always was a refreshingly different and wonderful story! I was hooked from the first glance between Avery and Kane and read this beautifully written book almost in one sitting.   Although I am not a fan of insta-love, the author handled the stunning attraction between Avery and Kane in a fantastic way in Always. Once these two met, there was no turning back.   "Kane could feel his soul being extracted from his body. His heart followed, no longer his own, but given to this man he didn't even know. In a matter of a few short minutes, he had become one with this man in from of him."   These two embark on a wonderful journey together and Ms. Alexander handles their lives with beauty and grace. Oh, and the sex scenes are absolutely some of the steamiest I have ever read. These two have a chemistry that jumps right off the page! I needed a cold shower after reading this book. I'll keep this review spoiler-free, because there are some major surprises that I did not see coming and this book should be read without knowing the plot twists.   Even if you are not a fan of the m/m contemporary romance genre, I highly recommend giving this book a try. It is lushly written and completely satisfying in terms of the emotional connection between the two main characters. I fell in love with Kane and Avery and I already miss them! I can't wait to read more of Kindle Alexander's books!
432	Lan	good	4.5 stars!! Ridge was much more than I expected, and I really loved this book! We first met Ridge in Wild (Book #1) but this is a standalone book, and you do not need to read Wild first.   Ridge slept with his brother's fiancee Mia, but they really never intended to hurt anyone. They really love each other but Ridge is consumed by guilt over his relationship with his brother, so he suddenly breaks up with Mia in an effort to repair his relationship with his brother. Ridge battled addictions most of his life, and breaking up with Mia sends him into a downward spiral. He had a very, very rough past, including drugs and spending time in juvenile detention, among other things.   Ridge has now become a successful restaurant owner but his pain over Mia pulls him into a very, very dark place. He tries to have other relationships but no one can compare to Mia. Even when he was a jerk to everyone, I loved him! He was never intentionally hurtful and really wanted to make things right.   Mia had every right not to care about Ridge, but even after he broke her heart, she really tries to do the right thing. I loved how she was a multi-dimensional character and seemed very "real" to me.   Oh, and the sex! It is HOT AS HELL . I mean, really dirty, scorching hot sex scenes. I applaud you Ms. Wild! I literally read this book in a few hours. It is the kind of book where you can't tear your eyes away from what is happening in front of you. If you like a down-and-dirty story with flawed characters, you will love Ridge.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
432	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!! Ridge was much more than I expected, and I really loved this book! We first met Ridge in Wild (Book #1) but this is a standalone book, and you do not need to read Wild first.   Ridge slept with his brother's fiancee Mia, but they really never intended to hurt anyone. They really love each other but Ridge is consumed by guilt over his relationship with his brother, so he suddenly breaks up with Mia in an effort to repair his relationship with his brother. Ridge battled addictions most of his life, and breaking up with Mia sends him into a downward spiral. He had a very, very rough past, including drugs and spending time in juvenile detention, among other things.   Ridge has now become a successful restaurant owner but his pain over Mia pulls him into a very, very dark place. He tries to have other relationships but no one can compare to Mia. Even when he was a jerk to everyone, I loved him! He was never intentionally hurtful and really wanted to make things right.   Mia had every right not to care about Ridge, but even after he broke her heart, she really tries to do the right thing. I loved how she was a multi-dimensional character and seemed very "real" to me.   Oh, and the sex! It is HOT AS HELL . I mean, really dirty, scorching hot sex scenes. I applaud you Ms. Wild! I literally read this book in a few hours. It is the kind of book where you can't tear your eyes away from what is happening in front of you. If you like a down-and-dirty story with flawed characters, you will love Ridge.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
433	Lan	poor	For Cathy's review and an excerpt from the book, go to The Book Bellas
433	Khoa	poor	For Cathy's review and an excerpt from the book, go to The Book Bellas
434	Lan	average	4.5 stars! Maverick. Yes, please!   This novel starts off with a bang and hooked me from the first page. Maverick is a HOT AS HELL Navy SEAL, a womanizer but determined to change for Windsor. Their relationship is romantic, sweet, scorching hot and challenging. There is a great cast of supporting characters and the story is very engaging. There is also just the right amount of angst. Crazy Good is the perfect book when you want a steamy read with some sweet romance and emotion thrown in. I LOVED Mav!!   Rachel Robinson is an author to watch and I look forward to reading more from her!
434	Khoa	average	4.5 stars! Maverick. Yes, please!   This novel starts off with a bang and hooked me from the first page. Maverick is a HOT AS HELL Navy SEAL, a womanizer but determined to change for Windsor. Their relationship is romantic, sweet, scorching hot and challenging. There is a great cast of supporting characters and the story is very engaging. There is also just the right amount of angst. Crazy Good is the perfect book when you want a steamy read with some sweet romance and emotion thrown in. I LOVED Mav!!   Rachel Robinson is an author to watch and I look forward to reading more from her!
435	Lan	good	"Love. What else is love, if not the power to destroy?"   After Dark brings the fantastically addictive Night Owl trilogy to an incredibly satisfying conclusion. And what a finale it is! We are now witness to the somewhat "normal" living arrangements of Matt and Hannah as they return to real life after the tumultuous events of the first two books. Their relationship continues to be beautifully sexy, erotic and passionate. Make no mistake, After Dark is incredibly hot, dirty and lusty. Matt is irresistible! If not very maddening.   "...little secrets are like water, but if water gets into a rock and freezes, it can break the rock."   Hannah and Matt both struggle in After Dark to reach a level of closeness and honesty that is sometimes brutal to witness yet real, honest and emotional. I love how both Matt and Hannah have grown and matured over the course of the trilogy, without one false note. The plot in the final book is refreshing and a complete page-turner. I will admit that I am distraught that this trilogy has ended (one of my all-time favorites, hands down), but I was absolutely entranced by the conclusion and the Epilogue. After Dark is a moody, erotic, sensual story that is a must-read book. Fingers crossed for many more books from the extraordinarily talented M. Pierce!   (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
435	Khoa	good	"Love. What else is love, if not the power to destroy?"   After Dark brings the fantastically addictive Night Owl trilogy to an incredibly satisfying conclusion. And what a finale it is! We are now witness to the somewhat "normal" living arrangements of Matt and Hannah as they return to real life after the tumultuous events of the first two books. Their relationship continues to be beautifully sexy, erotic and passionate. Make no mistake, After Dark is incredibly hot, dirty and lusty. Matt is irresistible! If not very maddening.   "...little secrets are like water, but if water gets into a rock and freezes, it can break the rock."   Hannah and Matt both struggle in After Dark to reach a level of closeness and honesty that is sometimes brutal to witness yet real, honest and emotional. I love how both Matt and Hannah have grown and matured over the course of the trilogy, without one false note. The plot in the final book is refreshing and a complete page-turner. I will admit that I am distraught that this trilogy has ended (one of my all-time favorites, hands down), but I was absolutely entranced by the conclusion and the Epilogue. After Dark is a moody, erotic, sensual story that is a must-read book. Fingers crossed for many more books from the extraordinarily talented M. Pierce!   (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
436	Lan	good	4.5 stars!!   I love picking up a book and being totally surprised and enthralled by a new author. I could not put down Besieged once I started. It is uber-sexy, scorchingly hot, but with a fantastic story that kept my attention until the last page and left me dying for more from this author! Warning: the build up to these two having sex is just as hot as when they actually get together and this book requires a cold shower or two! My favorite kind of book!   Theo is a wealthy London businessman and Lilly works for his solicitor (lawyer in the U.S.). She's smart, sarcastic, funny and drop-dead sexy. Alhtough this might sound a tad familiar, the author really does a great job with Lilly and Theo's story as well as with making the city of London a character in the book. I absolutely loved the club scenes as well as the well-written supporting cast of family and friends.   Lilly and Theo have some F***-HOT scenes and they literally cannot keep their hands off each other. Theo is a confirmed bachelor, he has never even wanted to spend any time at all with a woman, let alone commit to anyone. Lilly only uses guys for sex, so they enter into a no-strings-attached sexual relationship. But Lilly makes Theo fight for her at first, she's stubborn, feisty and also very funny.   She's no pushover and is painfully aware of his player status.   Theo can't resist Lilly and what I loved about him is that he is totally honest with her. When he begins to develop real feelings for her, he puts himself on the line and does not play games.   Never have I gone to such lengths over a woman. I'm having to convince her that she wants me for god's sake. I close my eyes and I can hear her moaning as I taste that sweet pussy of hers. Her cries as she trembles against my tongue. Oh god. My cock stiffens immediately at the memory.   I realise that now I know what it is to have her...I can't go back. I will fight for her, no matter what.   All in all, I highly recommend this fantastic, sexy debut by L.P. Lovell. It's modern, totally hot and has characters that I really care about and who I really bonded with. The only thing keeping this from being a 5-star read for me was the pacing and editing which will probably go unnoticed by most readers but interrupted the flow for me. I was thrilled to read that this author will be paying closer attention next time and I absolutely cannot wait for the next book in this series. Grab Besieged, let it take you on a sexy trip to London, and enjoy!   (ARC kindly provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
436	Khoa	good	4.5 stars!!   I love picking up a book and being totally surprised and enthralled by a new author. I could not put down Besieged once I started. It is uber-sexy, scorchingly hot, but with a fantastic story that kept my attention until the last page and left me dying for more from this author! Warning: the build up to these two having sex is just as hot as when they actually get together and this book requires a cold shower or two! My favorite kind of book!   Theo is a wealthy London businessman and Lilly works for his solicitor (lawyer in the U.S.). She's smart, sarcastic, funny and drop-dead sexy. Alhtough this might sound a tad familiar, the author really does a great job with Lilly and Theo's story as well as with making the city of London a character in the book. I absolutely loved the club scenes as well as the well-written supporting cast of family and friends.   Lilly and Theo have some F***-HOT scenes and they literally cannot keep their hands off each other. Theo is a confirmed bachelor, he has never even wanted to spend any time at all with a woman, let alone commit to anyone. Lilly only uses guys for sex, so they enter into a no-strings-attached sexual relationship. But Lilly makes Theo fight for her at first, she's stubborn, feisty and also very funny.   She's no pushover and is painfully aware of his player status.   Theo can't resist Lilly and what I loved about him is that he is totally honest with her. When he begins to develop real feelings for her, he puts himself on the line and does not play games.   Never have I gone to such lengths over a woman. I'm having to convince her that she wants me for god's sake. I close my eyes and I can hear her moaning as I taste that sweet pussy of hers. Her cries as she trembles against my tongue. Oh god. My cock stiffens immediately at the memory.   I realise that now I know what it is to have her...I can't go back. I will fight for her, no matter what.   All in all, I highly recommend this fantastic, sexy debut by L.P. Lovell. It's modern, totally hot and has characters that I really care about and who I really bonded with. The only thing keeping this from being a 5-star read for me was the pacing and editing which will probably go unnoticed by most readers but interrupted the flow for me. I was thrilled to read that this author will be paying closer attention next time and I absolutely cannot wait for the next book in this series. Grab Besieged, let it take you on a sexy trip to London, and enjoy!   (ARC kindly provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
437	Lan	good	4.5 stars!! There is nothing quite like an Abbi Glines book. I absolutely love the Florida Panhandle settings, the always-surprising and juicy story lines, and the steamy, sexy scenes. Of course I LOVE Rush and Blaire, so I was excited to read more about Grant from the Rosemary Beach series.   And even though I am not filled with hate for Nan (sorry, I can see a little, tiny bit of good in everyone!) I was completely on Harlow's side in this super-sexy installment in the Rosemary Beach series.   Leave it to Abbi Glines to give us yet another absolutely irresistible, surprisingly thoughtful leading man in Grant. The sweet and beautiful Harlow didn't have a chance with Grant around. I loved getting inside Grant's head to learn what his possible motivations could be in sleeping with Nan. And the alternating POV's work perfectly in this story.   Abbi Glines knows how to write some hot and dirty scenes and that's exactly what you get in Take A Chance. Along with the dramatic twists and turns (especially near the end), and the very alluring characters, I could not put this book down. I absolutely cannot wait for more Grant and Harlow!!   Favorite Quote:   "I can't fight this. I don't fucking want to," he finished, then both his hands landed on each side of my head. "Come with me," he whispered, and I broke apart into a million pieces. I screamed his name and bucked underneath him while he chanted things about how tight I was and how good I felt.   (ARC provided by Atria in return for an honest review.)
437	Khoa	good	4.5 stars!! There is nothing quite like an Abbi Glines book. I absolutely love the Florida Panhandle settings, the always-surprising and juicy story lines, and the steamy, sexy scenes. Of course I LOVE Rush and Blaire, so I was excited to read more about Grant from the Rosemary Beach series.   And even though I am not filled with hate for Nan (sorry, I can see a little, tiny bit of good in everyone!) I was completely on Harlow's side in this super-sexy installment in the Rosemary Beach series.   Leave it to Abbi Glines to give us yet another absolutely irresistible, surprisingly thoughtful leading man in Grant. The sweet and beautiful Harlow didn't have a chance with Grant around. I loved getting inside Grant's head to learn what his possible motivations could be in sleeping with Nan. And the alternating POV's work perfectly in this story.   Abbi Glines knows how to write some hot and dirty scenes and that's exactly what you get in Take A Chance. Along with the dramatic twists and turns (especially near the end), and the very alluring characters, I could not put this book down. I absolutely cannot wait for more Grant and Harlow!!   Favorite Quote:   "I can't fight this. I don't fucking want to," he finished, then both his hands landed on each side of my head. "Come with me," he whispered, and I broke apart into a million pieces. I screamed his name and bucked underneath him while he chanted things about how tight I was and how good I felt.   (ARC provided by Atria in return for an honest review.)
438	Lan	good	4.5 stars!! I absolutely loved this sweet and sexy romance novel! The story of how Kate blossoms once she arrives in Napa Valley for her latest assignment had me hooked and I read this fabulous book almost in one sitting. The chemistry between Kate and Jamie was real and relatable to me and I fell in love with the California and Chicago settings of this story.   Kate is in a ho-hum relationship with a boyfriend who really doesn't even pay that much attention to her. and decides to leap at the chance to interview a reclusive tech millionaire at his winery in Napa Valley. She has learned to rely on only herself, which is kind of poignant and sad.   "I'm all I've got."   Jamie is one of the winery workers and let's just say he brings Kate out of her shell.   "Food is like love,you know?"   "Yes," I said breathlessly.   "We need it to stay alive."   There is so much more to this story, and it is a richly written, lovely romance that left me wanting more! There are spoilers to this story, and no, I didn't see them coming, unlike other readers. I absolutely loved the characters and the story took my breathe away. Nowhere but Here is a must-read for lovers of a solid story, contemporary romance and a swoony leading man!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review)
438	Khoa	good	4.5 stars!! I absolutely loved this sweet and sexy romance novel! The story of how Kate blossoms once she arrives in Napa Valley for her latest assignment had me hooked and I read this fabulous book almost in one sitting. The chemistry between Kate and Jamie was real and relatable to me and I fell in love with the California and Chicago settings of this story.   Kate is in a ho-hum relationship with a boyfriend who really doesn't even pay that much attention to her. and decides to leap at the chance to interview a reclusive tech millionaire at his winery in Napa Valley. She has learned to rely on only herself, which is kind of poignant and sad.   "I'm all I've got."   Jamie is one of the winery workers and let's just say he brings Kate out of her shell.   "Food is like love,you know?"   "Yes," I said breathlessly.   "We need it to stay alive."   There is so much more to this story, and it is a richly written, lovely romance that left me wanting more! There are spoilers to this story, and no, I didn't see them coming, unlike other readers. I absolutely loved the characters and the story took my breathe away. Nowhere but Here is a must-read for lovers of a solid story, contemporary romance and a swoony leading man!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review)
439	Lan	good	FRENCHED was a deliciously sexy, fun and funny romantic story!! I read this in one day and was literally transported to the City of Light in this wonderfully written and HOT story.   Mia is almost left at the altar (her fiancee calls off the wedding a week before by text message) and she is completely depressed, especially since she is an event planner and used to making detailed, well-thought-out lists for EVERYTHING (even down to the outfits she is going to wear each day).   "Top Five Reasons (Out of 100) I Am NEVER Coming Out Of This Blanket Fort"   Mia is not a spontaneous person at all but ends up traveling alone to Paris on what would have been her honeymoon. What sounds like it might be a cliche story turns out to be SO much more as she meets a scruffy bartender, Lucas, who makes a bet with her that leads to them sightseeing together all over the city.   This is a very, very funny book and is told from Mia's POV. It is a total escapist story and I absolutely loved every minute of it. Lucas is smart, kind, sensitive and not at all like the type of man Mia thought she would be attracted to. He breaks all the molds but he, too, has some hang-ups of his own.   Their chemistry is AMAZING, and I wanted more, more, more!! This is a standalone book but I will say that I really would like to read more of Lucas and Mia's story. There is also a wonderful supporting cast of characters so maybe we will read more about them in the future? (Hint, hint!)   This is a perfect, sexy little gem of a book. I highly recommend it.   (Copy provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
439	Khoa	good	FRENCHED was a deliciously sexy, fun and funny romantic story!! I read this in one day and was literally transported to the City of Light in this wonderfully written and HOT story.   Mia is almost left at the altar (her fiancee calls off the wedding a week before by text message) and she is completely depressed, especially since she is an event planner and used to making detailed, well-thought-out lists for EVERYTHING (even down to the outfits she is going to wear each day).   "Top Five Reasons (Out of 100) I Am NEVER Coming Out Of This Blanket Fort"   Mia is not a spontaneous person at all but ends up traveling alone to Paris on what would have been her honeymoon. What sounds like it might be a cliche story turns out to be SO much more as she meets a scruffy bartender, Lucas, who makes a bet with her that leads to them sightseeing together all over the city.   This is a very, very funny book and is told from Mia's POV. It is a total escapist story and I absolutely loved every minute of it. Lucas is smart, kind, sensitive and not at all like the type of man Mia thought she would be attracted to. He breaks all the molds but he, too, has some hang-ups of his own.   Their chemistry is AMAZING, and I wanted more, more, more!! This is a standalone book but I will say that I really would like to read more of Lucas and Mia's story. There is also a wonderful supporting cast of characters so maybe we will read more about them in the future? (Hint, hint!)   This is a perfect, sexy little gem of a book. I highly recommend it.   (Copy provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
440	Lan	good	Angie McKeon's debut novel is a beautifully written story about terrible loss, love and ultimately, forgiveness. This book will draw you right in from the very powerful prologue right through to the very end. Kylie and Cooper are a young married couple who have suffered an almost unimaginable loss. Unfortunately, their mutual grief almost leads to their complete self-destruction as a couple.   At first I could not understand why they continued to torture each other but the author writes in such a way that I fell in love with both characters and with their mutual best friend Grayson. These are not perfect people and they make lots of mistakes along the way. At a few points, I almost could not stand the way Cooper and Kylie treated each other -- but then the author gives us flashbacks so you can't help but understand and even sympathize why they are so shattered, but yet so joined together   "We share a reckless, toxic love that feeds the brokenness in me, in us. Our love is an addiction. A love that I won't ever consider living without."   Against All Odds is an outstanding debut novel from Angie McKeon. There are plenty of steamy sexy times but also tons of emotion and a really creative story that makes this book stand out from the crowd of contemporary romances. I have heard that the author has another book in the works and I can't wait to read it!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
440	Khoa	good	Angie McKeon's debut novel is a beautifully written story about terrible loss, love and ultimately, forgiveness. This book will draw you right in from the very powerful prologue right through to the very end. Kylie and Cooper are a young married couple who have suffered an almost unimaginable loss. Unfortunately, their mutual grief almost leads to their complete self-destruction as a couple.   At first I could not understand why they continued to torture each other but the author writes in such a way that I fell in love with both characters and with their mutual best friend Grayson. These are not perfect people and they make lots of mistakes along the way. At a few points, I almost could not stand the way Cooper and Kylie treated each other -- but then the author gives us flashbacks so you can't help but understand and even sympathize why they are so shattered, but yet so joined together   "We share a reckless, toxic love that feeds the brokenness in me, in us. Our love is an addiction. A love that I won't ever consider living without."   Against All Odds is an outstanding debut novel from Angie McKeon. There are plenty of steamy sexy times but also tons of emotion and a really creative story that makes this book stand out from the crowd of contemporary romances. I have heard that the author has another book in the works and I can't wait to read it!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
441	Lan	average	4.5 stars!! Kitty Thomas is my go-to author for dark erotica so I was excited to read her new release. Blood Mate is a FAIRY TALE, not really an erotic romance in any way, and is another intense story from Kitty Thomas. I don't normally read this genre of books but I absolutely loved the writing and the characters and am so glad I had the opportunity to read this book.   August is a very powerful vampire who is cursed to forever take human victims on order to ensure his own survival. He was a good man in his former life and he desperately wants to break his curse. To do this, he must find his "blood mate", a woman whom he cannot "enthrall" or control via her mind, and who will stay with him throughout eternity.   August finds Nicole, who is actually very happily married. Through a series of twists and turns, August creates a situation where Nicole will become his blood mate, but she doesn't give in so easily, and is a very strong and feisty heroine. August is torn by his actions but he absolutely must ensure his own survival.   Only Kitty Thomas could create a cast of strong characters like those in Blood Lust and an fantastically creative story that will keep you guessing until the very end.   If you want to step outside your usual genre of books, I highly recommend this dark and sensual tale. You will not be disappointed.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
441	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!! Kitty Thomas is my go-to author for dark erotica so I was excited to read her new release. Blood Mate is a FAIRY TALE, not really an erotic romance in any way, and is another intense story from Kitty Thomas. I don't normally read this genre of books but I absolutely loved the writing and the characters and am so glad I had the opportunity to read this book.   August is a very powerful vampire who is cursed to forever take human victims on order to ensure his own survival. He was a good man in his former life and he desperately wants to break his curse. To do this, he must find his "blood mate", a woman whom he cannot "enthrall" or control via her mind, and who will stay with him throughout eternity.   August finds Nicole, who is actually very happily married. Through a series of twists and turns, August creates a situation where Nicole will become his blood mate, but she doesn't give in so easily, and is a very strong and feisty heroine. August is torn by his actions but he absolutely must ensure his own survival.   Only Kitty Thomas could create a cast of strong characters like those in Blood Lust and an fantastically creative story that will keep you guessing until the very end.   If you want to step outside your usual genre of books, I highly recommend this dark and sensual tale. You will not be disappointed.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
442	Lan	good	4.5 stars!!   Therapy is an absolutely beautifully written book that explores very sensitive topics of depression, bullying, self-harming and addiction in an unflinching way, but without ever dragging the reader down or making the situations too unbearable. Jessica has a tormented life, but I was cheering for her and I loved the way the author really got inside this young girl's mind. Jace comes to her rescue, but he is certainly no cookie-cutter hero and battles demons of his own throughout the book.   The time span of this book is wide and it is a rich story filled with unforgettable characters. There are some major "oh wow" moments so I'll keep this review spoiler-free. Jessica is tormented relentlessly by bullies in high school. She battles depression and engages in self-harming (very graphically depicted) and makes some other very poor choices that will come back to haunt her later. Jace is the quintessential popular high school jock who befriends Jess and their friendship grows into a deep and lasting love.   But nothing is ever easy for Jess, so this is not a hearts-and-flowers love story between her and Jace. The author writes a wonderfully detailed story and it should be read without knowing the plot spoilers! This is a must-read book for its sensitivity, writing and creativity. I loved the story and can't wait to read more from Ms. Perez.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
442	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!!   Therapy is an absolutely beautifully written book that explores very sensitive topics of depression, bullying, self-harming and addiction in an unflinching way, but without ever dragging the reader down or making the situations too unbearable. Jessica has a tormented life, but I was cheering for her and I loved the way the author really got inside this young girl's mind. Jace comes to her rescue, but he is certainly no cookie-cutter hero and battles demons of his own throughout the book.   The time span of this book is wide and it is a rich story filled with unforgettable characters. There are some major "oh wow" moments so I'll keep this review spoiler-free. Jessica is tormented relentlessly by bullies in high school. She battles depression and engages in self-harming (very graphically depicted) and makes some other very poor choices that will come back to haunt her later. Jace is the quintessential popular high school jock who befriends Jess and their friendship grows into a deep and lasting love.   But nothing is ever easy for Jess, so this is not a hearts-and-flowers love story between her and Jace. The author writes a wonderfully detailed story and it should be read without knowing the plot spoilers! This is a must-read book for its sensitivity, writing and creativity. I loved the story and can't wait to read more from Ms. Perez.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
443	Lan	good	4.5 scorching stars!!   As someone who reads a LOT of m/m books, I went into TAKE with some reluctance. I generally prefer male authors of m/m stories and I prefer the books to be graphic. I have read Ella Frank's books and she is a gifted and talented writer but I wasn't sure where she'd go with this genre. Well, she totally took me by surprise with Tate and Logan! I LOVED their story and highly recommend this series to anyone who appreciates lots of steam, an emotional story, and well-written, engaging characters. The story is wonderful and my heart broke a little for Tate as he struggled with coming out to his family..   I absolutely loved Logan's confident, take-charge personality. He is very comfortable in his own skin. And the chemistry between these two is unmistakable. I recommend reading Try first - you can read Take as a standalone but the characters and story are more meaningful if you "begin at the beginning". I did find the main characters to be just a little chatty at some points, but Ms. Frank more than makes up for that with absolutely off-the-charts sex scenes that are incredibly erotic. This demanding m/m reader was more than satisfied. Have a cold shower ready, you will need it after reading Tate and Logan's story!   *ARC provided by the author for an honest review.*   .
443	Khoa	good	4.5 scorching stars!!   As someone who reads a LOT of m/m books, I went into TAKE with some reluctance. I generally prefer male authors of m/m stories and I prefer the books to be graphic. I have read Ella Frank's books and she is a gifted and talented writer but I wasn't sure where she'd go with this genre. Well, she totally took me by surprise with Tate and Logan! I LOVED their story and highly recommend this series to anyone who appreciates lots of steam, an emotional story, and well-written, engaging characters. The story is wonderful and my heart broke a little for Tate as he struggled with coming out to his family..   I absolutely loved Logan's confident, take-charge personality. He is very comfortable in his own skin. And the chemistry between these two is unmistakable. I recommend reading Try first - you can read Take as a standalone but the characters and story are more meaningful if you "begin at the beginning". I did find the main characters to be just a little chatty at some points, but Ms. Frank more than makes up for that with absolutely off-the-charts sex scenes that are incredibly erotic. This demanding m/m reader was more than satisfied. Have a cold shower ready, you will need it after reading Tate and Logan's story!   *ARC provided by the author for an honest review.*   .
444	Lan	average	4.5 stars!! THROTTLE ME is another super-hot, sexy and delicious book from Chelle Bliss. Her books always have such a sense of heart and family infused into the smexy-ness of the story that they truly are a treat to read. I absolutely loved City - could he be ANY hotter?? - and the object of his lust, the very endearing schoolteacher, Suzy (or Suzette, City likes to use her real name and not her nickname). Often I read erotic romance that is rushed, empty, almost soulless, and Throttle Me is the compete opposite: a steamy, tattooed hot guy who has had his share of meaningless hook-ups but who has a real sense of romance, love and family.   Tattooed, motorcycle-riding Alpha bad boy? Check. Smart, hard-working, sweet woman who is just getting her first taste of really mind-blowing sex? Check. Well-written cast of supporting characters? Check! (Hello, Gallo brothers!) There are no billionaires here, no young, blushing virgin. What I have always loved about Chelle's books are that the characters and everyday, working people, looking for love and having some super-hot sexy times along the way.   I loved Throttle Me and can't wait for more books in this series!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
444	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!! THROTTLE ME is another super-hot, sexy and delicious book from Chelle Bliss. Her books always have such a sense of heart and family infused into the smexy-ness of the story that they truly are a treat to read. I absolutely loved City - could he be ANY hotter?? - and the object of his lust, the very endearing schoolteacher, Suzy (or Suzette, City likes to use her real name and not her nickname). Often I read erotic romance that is rushed, empty, almost soulless, and Throttle Me is the compete opposite: a steamy, tattooed hot guy who has had his share of meaningless hook-ups but who has a real sense of romance, love and family.   Tattooed, motorcycle-riding Alpha bad boy? Check. Smart, hard-working, sweet woman who is just getting her first taste of really mind-blowing sex? Check. Well-written cast of supporting characters? Check! (Hello, Gallo brothers!) There are no billionaires here, no young, blushing virgin. What I have always loved about Chelle's books are that the characters and everyday, working people, looking for love and having some super-hot sexy times along the way.   I loved Throttle Me and can't wait for more books in this series!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
445	Lan	average	Devil's Game is thrilling, sexy and funny, and I absolutely devoured every yummy word. Oh, and I love Joanna's kick-ass heroine, Em! This is Book Three in the Reaper's MC Series, and has little bit different feel than the other books in the series. Devil's Game is about family, loyalty and yes, love, with all of the delicious sexy times that I love from Joanna's books.   I fell in love with these characters and highly recommend Devil's Game!
445	Khoa	average	Devil's Game is thrilling, sexy and funny, and I absolutely devoured every yummy word. Oh, and I love Joanna's kick-ass heroine, Em! This is Book Three in the Reaper's MC Series, and has little bit different feel than the other books in the series. Devil's Game is about family, loyalty and yes, love, with all of the delicious sexy times that I love from Joanna's books.   I fell in love with these characters and highly recommend Devil's Game!
446	Lan	average	There is nothing quite like a Tessa Bailey book for a good hot dose of dirty-talking Alpha. A well written story, smoking hot sex scenes and characters I actually cared make Staking His Claim a must-read. I absolutely love Matt Donovan! And since I do judge books by their covers, I also give an A+ to this steamy cover for Staking His Claim. Highly recommended.   (ARC provided by the publisher for an honest review.)
446	Khoa	average	There is nothing quite like a Tessa Bailey book for a good hot dose of dirty-talking Alpha. A well written story, smoking hot sex scenes and characters I actually cared make Staking His Claim a must-read. I absolutely love Matt Donovan! And since I do judge books by their covers, I also give an A+ to this steamy cover for Staking His Claim. Highly recommended.   (ARC provided by the publisher for an honest review.)
447	Lan	excellent	BLACK IRIS is a powerful and shockingly different book that kept me up reading all night. Leah Raeder's fierce and descriptive prose is poetic and gripping and pulled at all my emotions.   This is a stunning tale of mental illness, love, adolescent angst, sexuality, revenge and finally, self-acceptance. Laney is the voice of the story and she is not the most lovable of characters. Yes, her tale is sad and depressing at first but ultimately it is uplifting in a way that only Leah Raeder can make honest, real, believable and sympathetic all at once.   "Tell me something." He leaned closer, his voice raspy at the edges, charred. "If you hate human connection so much, why come with us?" Because I don't hate it. I hate how much I need it. Because you're the ones I was waiting for. Because you smell like prey."   Unteachable is one of my favorite books so I could not wait to read BLACK IRIS. And Leah Raeder has written another powerful and brilliant story that will keep you guessing until the very end. It is not told in chronological order, which adds to the element of disorientation present throughout the book. Her writing style is beautiful, seductive and addicting, a world where wet eyelashes become black petals and a lowly puddle of water becomes a brilliant oil color painting.   The characters in this book are unforgettable and I felt as though I personally knew Delaney, Blythe, Armin, Donnie and Hiyam. The writer is wise beyond her years and her glimpses into married life are brutally honest and painful and will haunt me for a long time to come. The plot is incredibly imaginative and meaningful and is not all hearts and flowers. If you are looking for a thrilling, suspenseful book with a powerful message and perfect writing, then read BLACK IRIS. It is one of the best books I have ever read. It is truly a one-of-kind story from an author with a very unique voice.   Change isn't peaceful. Change is violent, savage, cruel.   (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
447	Khoa	good	BLACK IRIS is a powerful and shockingly different book that kept me up reading all night. Leah Raeder's fierce and descriptive prose is poetic and gripping and pulled at all my emotions.   This is a stunning tale of mental illness, love, adolescent angst, sexuality, revenge and finally, self-acceptance. Laney is the voice of the story and she is not the most lovable of characters. Yes, her tale is sad and depressing at first but ultimately it is uplifting in a way that only Leah Raeder can make honest, real, believable and sympathetic all at once.   "Tell me something." He leaned closer, his voice raspy at the edges, charred. "If you hate human connection so much, why come with us?" Because I don't hate it. I hate how much I need it. Because you're the ones I was waiting for. Because you smell like prey."   Unteachable is one of my favorite books so I could not wait to read BLACK IRIS. And Leah Raeder has written another powerful and brilliant story that will keep you guessing until the very end. It is not told in chronological order, which adds to the element of disorientation present throughout the book. Her writing style is beautiful, seductive and addicting, a world where wet eyelashes become black petals and a lowly puddle of water becomes a brilliant oil color painting.   The characters in this book are unforgettable and I felt as though I personally knew Delaney, Blythe, Armin, Donnie and Hiyam. The writer is wise beyond her years and her glimpses into married life are brutally honest and painful and will haunt me for a long time to come. The plot is incredibly imaginative and meaningful and is not all hearts and flowers. If you are looking for a thrilling, suspenseful book with a powerful message and perfect writing, then read BLACK IRIS. It is one of the best books I have ever read. It is truly a one-of-kind story from an author with a very unique voice.   Change isn't peaceful. Change is violent, savage, cruel.   (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
448	Lan	good	This book is a great read for any fan of Kristen Ashley and lovers of alpha males! Our hero Jack is a classic alpha male, in fact, he's the town sheriff and basically falls for Jenn immediately and claims her as his own. He is very sexy and I loved his no-nonsense, blunt, plain-speaking character.   "I'm not 9-5 suit material; I wear jeans; I hunt bad guys, and I rescue damsels in distress."   Jenn has had several major upheavals in her life and ends up relocating to the town of Gunnison in the Colorado mountains. I liked that our heroine is not 22 years old but instead is old enough to have a daughter in college. Much action and drama ensue once Jenn arrive in town, and the best part for me was the romance and the very, very hot and steamy sex scenes between Jenn and Jack. There is also a crime/mystery story involved which puts Jenn in peril throughout much of the book.   There is no question that this book is cut from the same mold as Kristen Ashley's stories. The author clearly and admittedly is a fan of KA. If you like a growling alpha male with a good heart and a feisty heroine, you will love this book. The story had some editing and grammar issues which troubled me but if the author can tighten those up, I am very much looking forward to her next book!   This is a standalone and I loved the ending and prologue.
448	Khoa	good	This book is a great read for any fan of Kristen Ashley and lovers of alpha males! Our hero Jack is a classic alpha male, in fact, he's the town sheriff and basically falls for Jenn immediately and claims her as his own. He is very sexy and I loved his no-nonsense, blunt, plain-speaking character.   "I'm not 9-5 suit material; I wear jeans; I hunt bad guys, and I rescue damsels in distress."   Jenn has had several major upheavals in her life and ends up relocating to the town of Gunnison in the Colorado mountains. I liked that our heroine is not 22 years old but instead is old enough to have a daughter in college. Much action and drama ensue once Jenn arrive in town, and the best part for me was the romance and the very, very hot and steamy sex scenes between Jenn and Jack. There is also a crime/mystery story involved which puts Jenn in peril throughout much of the book.   There is no question that this book is cut from the same mold as Kristen Ashley's stories. The author clearly and admittedly is a fan of KA. If you like a growling alpha male with a good heart and a feisty heroine, you will love this book. The story had some editing and grammar issues which troubled me but if the author can tighten those up, I am very much looking forward to her next book!   This is a standalone and I loved the ending and prologue.
449	Lan	average	This book reminded me why I love Aleatha Romig and the Consequences series. Every event, every place, every feeling is described with such vivid detail, it becomes easy to get lost in her books! I became immersed back into Tony's world once I started reading BHE. I have always loved Tony (yes, I admit it!) so I was anxious to read his POV of certain key events from Consequences. Sometimes painful, but always insightful, BHE will take you on a roller coaster ride of emotions!   This book is for fans of the Consequences series and is a companion book, adding an extra layer of nuance and description to Claire and Tony's story. You might dislike Tony even more after reading this book, but one thing is for sure, you will definitely have feelings one way or the other. I loved this book and can't wait for the next two companion books that the author has planned!   (ARC provided the author in return for an honest review.)
449	Khoa	average	This book reminded me why I love Aleatha Romig and the Consequences series. Every event, every place, every feeling is described with such vivid detail, it becomes easy to get lost in her books! I became immersed back into Tony's world once I started reading BHE. I have always loved Tony (yes, I admit it!) so I was anxious to read his POV of certain key events from Consequences. Sometimes painful, but always insightful, BHE will take you on a roller coaster ride of emotions!   This book is for fans of the Consequences series and is a companion book, adding an extra layer of nuance and description to Claire and Tony's story. You might dislike Tony even more after reading this book, but one thing is for sure, you will definitely have feelings one way or the other. I loved this book and can't wait for the next two companion books that the author has planned!   (ARC provided the author in return for an honest review.)
450	Lan	average	This was a really good sequel but it was also very fast! I need Book 3! I absolutely love Isis, she is incredibly witty, sarcastic and fun. The author has created an amazing female character in this series, and I can't wait to read more about her!   Savage Delight begins right where Book 1, Lovely Vicious, ends. I don't want to give away any spoilers from either Book 1 or Savage Delight so I will just say that Isis is recovering in the hospital after an attack. This book then explores Sophia and Jack's past, and what a surprise it is!   I loved this book. The author has a witty, fast-paced way of writing, and these characters stayed with me after I finished both these books. I read Savage Delight in one sitting and I can't wait for Book 3!   Favorite quote:   "The sadness will last forever. And I think he was right, but I also think he was very, very wrong. It doesn't last forever. Because we don't last forever."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
450	Khoa	average	This was a really good sequel but it was also very fast! I need Book 3! I absolutely love Isis, she is incredibly witty, sarcastic and fun. The author has created an amazing female character in this series, and I can't wait to read more about her!   Savage Delight begins right where Book 1, Lovely Vicious, ends. I don't want to give away any spoilers from either Book 1 or Savage Delight so I will just say that Isis is recovering in the hospital after an attack. This book then explores Sophia and Jack's past, and what a surprise it is!   I loved this book. The author has a witty, fast-paced way of writing, and these characters stayed with me after I finished both these books. I read Savage Delight in one sitting and I can't wait for Book 3!   Favorite quote:   "The sadness will last forever. And I think he was right, but I also think he was very, very wrong. It doesn't last forever. Because we don't last forever."   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
451	Lan	average	4.5 stars!! I absolutely loved this very different Young Adult book from Sara Wolf! It's a smart, funny and very deeply felt story that is completely different and refreshing. Isis Blake might be one of the feistiest heroines I have ever read and she has really met her match in Jack Hunter. These two become engaged in a battle of wits and I couldn't wait to see who would back down first - or who would give in.   These two have plenty of very, very dark secrets to hide, but balancing out the emotional story line is some really funny dialogue and sharp sarcasm. I absolutely love Sara Wolf's writing style! The supporting cast of characters are fantastic and all feel vital to the plot. And, I must mention that the cover of the book is gorgeous! The ending of Lovely Vicious really stunned me and I can't wait for Book #2 in this series.   (Copy provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
451	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!! I absolutely loved this very different Young Adult book from Sara Wolf! It's a smart, funny and very deeply felt story that is completely different and refreshing. Isis Blake might be one of the feistiest heroines I have ever read and she has really met her match in Jack Hunter. These two become engaged in a battle of wits and I couldn't wait to see who would back down first - or who would give in.   These two have plenty of very, very dark secrets to hide, but balancing out the emotional story line is some really funny dialogue and sharp sarcasm. I absolutely love Sara Wolf's writing style! The supporting cast of characters are fantastic and all feel vital to the plot. And, I must mention that the cover of the book is gorgeous! The ending of Lovely Vicious really stunned me and I can't wait for Book #2 in this series.   (Copy provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
452	Lan	good	I read this funny, very sexy, smart and very unique book in one sitting. The writing style is very different and fresh, written mostly in the form of diary entries. Emma is a smart and ambitious corporate employee and becomes personal assistant to the imposing Alaric Canon, who has burned through so many PA's that he is the subject of office betting pools. The jerk-y boss/subservient assistant has been done before, but never like this! Emma has a plan to get Alaric to notice her but he is perpetually challenging and sets standards that are basically impossible for his assistants to meet. Emma's inner monologue is hilarious, as she deals with his demanding and dominating personality:   "Life's a bitch, and she has several sisters."   This girl has a plan to get Alaric to notice her, but her best-laid plans go wildly awry when the two take a tension-filled business trip and basically spend 24/7 together. Emma rises to Alaric's challenges time after time, and I absolutely loved the slow build-up to their incredible sexy times together:   "Denim in long expanses. Barely contours to his thighs. Thighs I have leaned against but not touched. Bare feet.   Barefoot! Put some shoes on, already! How am I supposed to look unaffected and asexual   with all this unfair fuckery happening?"   Emma is completely self-deprecating and really holds no illusions about the possibilities of a relationship with Alaric. I mean, he is rarely seen with the same woman twice.   "God, I'm not in just in the neighborhood of pathetic, I'm circling the block."   Alaric really grows and develops and begins to show a more human side and I loved that he was not just a one-dimensional character. My heart was literally in my throat by the end of the book. Qwen's writing style is incredibly fresh and unique and is a most welcome addition to the contemporary erotic romance genre. I adored the conclusion and I am demanding more from this author!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
452	Khoa	good	I read this funny, very sexy, smart and very unique book in one sitting. The writing style is very different and fresh, written mostly in the form of diary entries. Emma is a smart and ambitious corporate employee and becomes personal assistant to the imposing Alaric Canon, who has burned through so many PA's that he is the subject of office betting pools. The jerk-y boss/subservient assistant has been done before, but never like this! Emma has a plan to get Alaric to notice her but he is perpetually challenging and sets standards that are basically impossible for his assistants to meet. Emma's inner monologue is hilarious, as she deals with his demanding and dominating personality:   "Life's a bitch, and she has several sisters."   This girl has a plan to get Alaric to notice her, but her best-laid plans go wildly awry when the two take a tension-filled business trip and basically spend 24/7 together. Emma rises to Alaric's challenges time after time, and I absolutely loved the slow build-up to their incredible sexy times together:   "Denim in long expanses. Barely contours to his thighs. Thighs I have leaned against but not touched. Bare feet.   Barefoot! Put some shoes on, already! How am I supposed to look unaffected and asexual   with all this unfair fuckery happening?"   Emma is completely self-deprecating and really holds no illusions about the possibilities of a relationship with Alaric. I mean, he is rarely seen with the same woman twice.   "God, I'm not in just in the neighborhood of pathetic, I'm circling the block."   Alaric really grows and develops and begins to show a more human side and I loved that he was not just a one-dimensional character. My heart was literally in my throat by the end of the book. Qwen's writing style is incredibly fresh and unique and is a most welcome addition to the contemporary erotic romance genre. I adored the conclusion and I am demanding more from this author!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
453	Lan	poor	3.5 stars, review to follow
453	Khoa	poor	3.5 stars, review to follow
454	Lan	average	I am a big fan of Scott Hidlreth's writing style (his Baby series is fantastic, and I highly recommend the books) so I was excited to read Undefeated. This book is written in a raw, take-no-prisoners style which is refreshing and different. This is not the usual damaged-hero-and-heroine story but instead is a real, gritty portrayal of two people who have endured suffering and abuse (graphically portrayed, so be warned) but who manage to come together and yes, fall in love.   Kace has what can only be described as severe social anxiety disorder and it's a miracle she even could hold a conversation with Shane, let alone let him love her. And Shane is surprisingly introspective, tender and loving, despite his sad background.   Undefeated contains what I thought to be very realistic and detailed fighting scenes which are really written in a different style than the fighter books I have previously read, I guess due to the author being male. The erotica in this book comes a little later in the story, but is super-steamy and sexy nonetheless.   If you are looking for a book that is written in a very raw style with very real people, then I recommend Undefeated. And please heed the author's warning about the violence, it's very, very graphic! And give his Baby series a try, you will love them.   (ARC provided the author in exchange for an honest review.)
454	Khoa	average	I am a big fan of Scott Hidlreth's writing style (his Baby series is fantastic, and I highly recommend the books) so I was excited to read Undefeated. This book is written in a raw, take-no-prisoners style which is refreshing and different. This is not the usual damaged-hero-and-heroine story but instead is a real, gritty portrayal of two people who have endured suffering and abuse (graphically portrayed, so be warned) but who manage to come together and yes, fall in love.   Kace has what can only be described as severe social anxiety disorder and it's a miracle she even could hold a conversation with Shane, let alone let him love her. And Shane is surprisingly introspective, tender and loving, despite his sad background.   Undefeated contains what I thought to be very realistic and detailed fighting scenes which are really written in a different style than the fighter books I have previously read, I guess due to the author being male. The erotica in this book comes a little later in the story, but is super-steamy and sexy nonetheless.   If you are looking for a book that is written in a very raw style with very real people, then I recommend Undefeated. And please heed the author's warning about the violence, it's very, very graphic! And give his Baby series a try, you will love them.   (ARC provided the author in exchange for an honest review.)
455	Lan	good	LOVE, IN ENGLISH is an absolutely magnificent, gorgeously written and totally captivating contemporary romance from Karina Halle. I think that every reader's own hopes, fears and dreams color their perception of a book, and to say that I was blown away by Vera Miles being an astronomy student is a mild understatement. I was completely fascinated from Page 1 with our heroine Vera, a whip-smart, unique, insecure beauty who marches to the beat of a different drummer. Thank you, Karina, for a heroine who's real, flawed, emotional and, in the end, very open to love.   This book transported me to Spain with its sexy and romantic story of Mateo and Vera, two mismatched lovers thrown together by chance. Vera is a young Canadian college student who takes a temporary summer job in Spain, to provide English-only conversation to Spanish attendees. Mateo is a handsome, married ex-footballer, well-known in Europe and older than Vera but quite discontent with his life. Their love builds slowly, beautifully, painfully and with tons and tons of off-the-charts chemistry.   While in Spain, Vera learns to slow down, appreciate life and be in the moment. The scenes between her and Mateo are absolutely breathtaking and almost painfully beautiful. He sees her inner and outer beauty, and in his eyes, she is a bright and shining star. His "Estrella".   "Design your own universe, make your own stars, write your own stories and create your own destiny."   This is not a book where the decisions of the hero and heroine are made lightly or without thought to the consequences. I really felt Mateo's agony as he struggled to do the right thing but to also follow his heart and live his life to the fullest. Love, in English is ultimately a beautifully written journey of two very different people who fall madly in love. If you care about such things, this is a standalone book but you will be sad for it to end! I leave you with my favorite quote from Love, in English, and the unqualified recommendation that you read this book. You will love it!   "What is love? In English."   I raised my brows. "Love, in English, is love..."   "What is it in Spanish?   I was so enthralled by his hypnotic eyes, I could barely remember. "Amore?"   He shook his head ever so slightly. "No. Love in Spanish is you."
455	Khoa	good	LOVE, IN ENGLISH is an absolutely magnificent, gorgeously written and totally captivating contemporary romance from Karina Halle. I think that every reader's own hopes, fears and dreams color their perception of a book, and to say that I was blown away by Vera Miles being an astronomy student is a mild understatement. I was completely fascinated from Page 1 with our heroine Vera, a whip-smart, unique, insecure beauty who marches to the beat of a different drummer. Thank you, Karina, for a heroine who's real, flawed, emotional and, in the end, very open to love.   This book transported me to Spain with its sexy and romantic story of Mateo and Vera, two mismatched lovers thrown together by chance. Vera is a young Canadian college student who takes a temporary summer job in Spain, to provide English-only conversation to Spanish attendees. Mateo is a handsome, married ex-footballer, well-known in Europe and older than Vera but quite discontent with his life. Their love builds slowly, beautifully, painfully and with tons and tons of off-the-charts chemistry.   While in Spain, Vera learns to slow down, appreciate life and be in the moment. The scenes between her and Mateo are absolutely breathtaking and almost painfully beautiful. He sees her inner and outer beauty, and in his eyes, she is a bright and shining star. His "Estrella".   "Design your own universe, make your own stars, write your own stories and create your own destiny."   This is not a book where the decisions of the hero and heroine are made lightly or without thought to the consequences. I really felt Mateo's agony as he struggled to do the right thing but to also follow his heart and live his life to the fullest. Love, in English is ultimately a beautifully written journey of two very different people who fall madly in love. If you care about such things, this is a standalone book but you will be sad for it to end! I leave you with my favorite quote from Love, in English, and the unqualified recommendation that you read this book. You will love it!   "What is love? In English."   I raised my brows. "Love, in English, is love..."   "What is it in Spanish?   I was so enthralled by his hypnotic eyes, I could barely remember. "Amore?"   He shook his head ever so slightly. "No. Love in Spanish is you."
456	Lan	average	This is a SIZZLING hot, really well written story that might be one of the steamiest books I have ever read. I believe that there is a 30-page long sex scene! Give or take a few pages. This is part of the Wicked Lovers series but it really can be read as a standalone. The characters are believable, the guys are HOT, and the story is incredibly engrossing. This is one of those books where the title really says it all.   I LOVE menage books and Shayla Black has written one of the most memorable menage stories I have ever read. With the fantastic D/s elements, this is a wonderful book and I highly recommend it. Nothing is rushed and I felt an emotional connection with the characters. I loved everything about this book! Shayla Black has become one of my go-to authors for erotic romance. I am usually not a fan of suspense elements in my romance books but I loved this story and highly recommend this book.   (Copy provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
456	Khoa	average	This is a SIZZLING hot, really well written story that might be one of the steamiest books I have ever read. I believe that there is a 30-page long sex scene! Give or take a few pages. This is part of the Wicked Lovers series but it really can be read as a standalone. The characters are believable, the guys are HOT, and the story is incredibly engrossing. This is one of those books where the title really says it all.   I LOVE menage books and Shayla Black has written one of the most memorable menage stories I have ever read. With the fantastic D/s elements, this is a wonderful book and I highly recommend it. Nothing is rushed and I felt an emotional connection with the characters. I loved everything about this book! Shayla Black has become one of my go-to authors for erotic romance. I am usually not a fan of suspense elements in my romance books but I loved this story and highly recommend this book.   (Copy provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
457	Lan	average	6 stars!!!! Archer's Voice absolutely blew me away! The characters, the setting, the story, the EMOTIONS, this book had everything I love about a great book. Mia Sheridan is a gifted and talented storyteller and Archer's Voice is at the top of my all-time favorite books. I absolutely fell in love with Archer, he has suffered unimaginable trauma and is closed off from the world. Along comes Bree and awakens his long-dormant feelings and his abilities to possibly become a whole person again. Archer is an intense, sometimes difficult character and my heart broke for him. Don't wait, Archer's Voice is a must-read!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
457	Khoa	average	6 stars!!!! Archer's Voice absolutely blew me away! The characters, the setting, the story, the EMOTIONS, this book had everything I love about a great book. Mia Sheridan is a gifted and talented storyteller and Archer's Voice is at the top of my all-time favorite books. I absolutely fell in love with Archer, he has suffered unimaginable trauma and is closed off from the world. Along comes Bree and awakens his long-dormant feelings and his abilities to possibly become a whole person again. Archer is an intense, sometimes difficult character and my heart broke for him. Don't wait, Archer's Voice is a must-read!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
458	Lan	good	Clipped Wings for me is a somewhat dark-ish, very erotic, slow-building story that I was very glad I read once I finished. I absolutely love the tattooed and pierced Hayden and Tenley very much grew on me by the end of this story.   I have not yet read the prequel novella, Cupcakes & Ink, but I will now run to read it. I will admit that the first part of this book was a "slow burn" for me, there was no rushing into romance but instead Ms. Hunting slowly reveals the badly damaged souls of Hayden and Tenley. But then WOW, the author writes some amazingly hot sex scenes, which are very much infused with love and caring and an emotional connection between the characters. Hayden and Tenley both have secrets they are afraid to share with each other, even though it becomes clear they are falling in love.   Hayden is seriously hot and really tries to show his vulnerable side to Tenley. But she is both emotionally and physically scarred and keeps pushing him away.   "Everyone has scars, Tenley. If we're lucky, they're only on the outside." Hayden   I ended up falling in love with both these characters by the end and I can't wait for the next book in this series! Inked Armour will be released May 13th so I can get more of my Hayden fix.   (ARC provided by the publisher via NetGalley in return for an honest review.)
458	Khoa	good	Clipped Wings for me is a somewhat dark-ish, very erotic, slow-building story that I was very glad I read once I finished. I absolutely love the tattooed and pierced Hayden and Tenley very much grew on me by the end of this story.   I have not yet read the prequel novella, Cupcakes & Ink, but I will now run to read it. I will admit that the first part of this book was a "slow burn" for me, there was no rushing into romance but instead Ms. Hunting slowly reveals the badly damaged souls of Hayden and Tenley. But then WOW, the author writes some amazingly hot sex scenes, which are very much infused with love and caring and an emotional connection between the characters. Hayden and Tenley both have secrets they are afraid to share with each other, even though it becomes clear they are falling in love.   Hayden is seriously hot and really tries to show his vulnerable side to Tenley. But she is both emotionally and physically scarred and keeps pushing him away.   "Everyone has scars, Tenley. If we're lucky, they're only on the outside." Hayden   I ended up falling in love with both these characters by the end and I can't wait for the next book in this series! Inked Armour will be released May 13th so I can get more of my Hayden fix.   (ARC provided by the publisher via NetGalley in return for an honest review.)
459	Lan	excellent	Wow. What did I just read? I am a huge fan of Pepper Winters and Destroyed lived up to every expectation I had, plus some. I did not read any reviews of this book before I started reading it and I am so glad I had no idea about this story other than the synopsis, so I will keep this spoiler-free. Pepper has created two of the most memorable characters I have ever read and even now I can't stop thinking about Hazel and Fox.   This is a dark, dark journey, but hold out and keep reading because the author makes it worth your while. Our hero and heroine meet under very harsh circumstances and their story is a raw, gritty and emotional journey like no other. Yes, the sex scenes are incredibly steamy, but they are infused with a rawness and pain that is at times difficult to witness:   "It was the best kiss I'd ever received, but also the worst. It sparked lust and need in every inch of me. My lips wanted more, my tongue wanted savagery. My skin wanted to bruise because he needed to touch me so badly.   All my thoughts disappeared as I nipped at his bottom lip. He flinched, but a second later he copied, his sharp canines piercing my oversensitive flesh.   I moaned.   I couldn't take it.   My hands flew up and gripped his shirt. Yanking him toward me, fireworks whizzed in my fingertips; my heart galloped toward exploding with lust. I'd never been so drunk on someone before.   Then I landed flat on my back.   The crack of my skull jangled my teeth. The thick carpet did little to cushion me. My eyes flared wide and I grunted in pain. Fear, hot and terrible, swamped my lust in a dampening wave.   "Top rule. Unbreakable rule. Don't. Ever. Touch. Me." Fox kneeled on one knee beside my head, breathing hard. His hand noosed my throat, pressing my spine into the carpet. His eyes were cold and lifeless, looking like a hunter intent on blood." - HAZEL   My heart went out to both of them and especially Fox, he was a fighter, hiding his fractured soul behind a stony, murderous facade:   "Fox made a sound in the back of his throat, tightening his fingers. He glared, looking ready to murder me. "Who are you?" His eyes darted over me as if looking for an answer.   When I didn't respond, he swiped his face with his other hand. His forehead furrowed while his expression turned pissed and stormy. "You think I didn't see you watching? You had your eyes all over me. Answer me. Who the fuck are you?" His deep, accented voice stiffened my nipples even as a thrill of fear jolted through me.   My temper gave me false courage. "I'm not in the habit of answering such rude questions." -- HAZEL   I absolutely loved the dual POV's, which are very difficult to do well, but Pepper does an amazing job at getting the reader into these character's heads. Destroyed was an absolute 5-star read for me. I do hope, however, that the small editing and grammatical will be corrected. Otherwise, Destroyed is another fantastic and completely original story from the very talented Pepper Winters.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
459	Khoa	excellent	Wow. What did I just read? I am a huge fan of Pepper Winters and Destroyed lived up to every expectation I had, plus some. I did not read any reviews of this book before I started reading it and I am so glad I had no idea about this story other than the synopsis, so I will keep this spoiler-free. Pepper has created two of the most memorable characters I have ever read and even now I can't stop thinking about Hazel and Fox.   This is a dark, dark journey, but hold out and keep reading because the author makes it worth your while. Our hero and heroine meet under very harsh circumstances and their story is a raw, gritty and emotional journey like no other. Yes, the sex scenes are incredibly steamy, but they are infused with a rawness and pain that is at times difficult to witness:   "It was the best kiss I'd ever received, but also the worst. It sparked lust and need in every inch of me. My lips wanted more, my tongue wanted savagery. My skin wanted to bruise because he needed to touch me so badly.   All my thoughts disappeared as I nipped at his bottom lip. He flinched, but a second later he copied, his sharp canines piercing my oversensitive flesh.   I moaned.   I couldn't take it.   My hands flew up and gripped his shirt. Yanking him toward me, fireworks whizzed in my fingertips; my heart galloped toward exploding with lust. I'd never been so drunk on someone before.   Then I landed flat on my back.   The crack of my skull jangled my teeth. The thick carpet did little to cushion me. My eyes flared wide and I grunted in pain. Fear, hot and terrible, swamped my lust in a dampening wave.   "Top rule. Unbreakable rule. Don't. Ever. Touch. Me." Fox kneeled on one knee beside my head, breathing hard. His hand noosed my throat, pressing my spine into the carpet. His eyes were cold and lifeless, looking like a hunter intent on blood." - HAZEL   My heart went out to both of them and especially Fox, he was a fighter, hiding his fractured soul behind a stony, murderous facade:   "Fox made a sound in the back of his throat, tightening his fingers. He glared, looking ready to murder me. "Who are you?" His eyes darted over me as if looking for an answer.   When I didn't respond, he swiped his face with his other hand. His forehead furrowed while his expression turned pissed and stormy. "You think I didn't see you watching? You had your eyes all over me. Answer me. Who the fuck are you?" His deep, accented voice stiffened my nipples even as a thrill of fear jolted through me.   My temper gave me false courage. "I'm not in the habit of answering such rude questions." -- HAZEL   I absolutely loved the dual POV's, which are very difficult to do well, but Pepper does an amazing job at getting the reader into these character's heads. Destroyed was an absolute 5-star read for me. I do hope, however, that the small editing and grammatical will be corrected. Otherwise, Destroyed is another fantastic and completely original story from the very talented Pepper Winters.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
460	Lan	average	4.5 stars! Letting Go is a deeply felt, elegantly written story of sexual exploration and desire. Joss is trying to move on with her life after the sudden death if her beloved husband. Little does she know that his best friend Dash has always been in love with her but never acted on his feelings out of loyalty to his best friend and Joss' husband. Sparks literally fly when she walks into Dash's D/s club one night, and he realizes she is looking to be in a submissive relationship. He is shocked but thrilled at the possibility of a relationship with her.   Maya Banks can write hot and steamy sex scenes like nobody's business! Wowser! What was beautiful about the story is that Dash and Joss had a deep connection before they have sex and there is a slow and gradual build-up to their scenes together. I loved when Joss really "saw" Dash for the first time as a man and a sexual partner, instead of the best friend of her husband. It was breathtaking.   The sex scenes are totally hot and the anal play scenes are absolutely among the hottest I have ever read! There is a fabulous Epilogue and no cliffhanger, but there will definitely be more books in this series about Joss and Dash's friends. Can't wait for more from Maya Banks!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
460	Khoa	average	4.5 stars! Letting Go is a deeply felt, elegantly written story of sexual exploration and desire. Joss is trying to move on with her life after the sudden death if her beloved husband. Little does she know that his best friend Dash has always been in love with her but never acted on his feelings out of loyalty to his best friend and Joss' husband. Sparks literally fly when she walks into Dash's D/s club one night, and he realizes she is looking to be in a submissive relationship. He is shocked but thrilled at the possibility of a relationship with her.   Maya Banks can write hot and steamy sex scenes like nobody's business! Wowser! What was beautiful about the story is that Dash and Joss had a deep connection before they have sex and there is a slow and gradual build-up to their scenes together. I loved when Joss really "saw" Dash for the first time as a man and a sexual partner, instead of the best friend of her husband. It was breathtaking.   The sex scenes are totally hot and the anal play scenes are absolutely among the hottest I have ever read! There is a fabulous Epilogue and no cliffhanger, but there will definitely be more books in this series about Joss and Dash's friends. Can't wait for more from Maya Banks!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
461	Lan	average	The Madam is a highly sexually intense and erotically-charged story of power, sex and control. Is there love? Yes, there is, in a way. The story of Lilith and her rise to become the powerful and influential head of a high-class call-girl operation is tragic at times and always gripping. Her mother trains her in the ways of the lifestyle, and Vivian will certainly not win any Mother of the Year awards. But she is sure of a woman's power and never lets her daughter forget it.   This story spans several decades and is filled with some of the most intense sexual scenes I have ever read. Menage, light BDSM, young girls experiencing their first sexual awakenings, this book has it all. All of the characters spanning the years are fascinating, and the Miami drug scene in the eighties and nineties provides a dangerous backdrop to the main story.   M. Robinson has an interesting way of writing where she takes you literally through the life and the mind of the main characters. It is a layered and very rich story, and not exactly for the faint of heart. Ms. Robinson is extremely talented and certainly can bring on the angst! Just please note that this book contains some very graphic erotic scenes and if that is your cup of tea, then you will love The Madam.   (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
461	Khoa	good	The Madam is a highly sexually intense and erotically-charged story of power, sex and control. Is there love? Yes, there is, in a way. The story of Lilith and her rise to become the powerful and influential head of a high-class call-girl operation is tragic at times and always gripping. Her mother trains her in the ways of the lifestyle, and Vivian will certainly not win any Mother of the Year awards. But she is sure of a woman's power and never lets her daughter forget it.   This story spans several decades and is filled with some of the most intense sexual scenes I have ever read. Menage, light BDSM, young girls experiencing their first sexual awakenings, this book has it all. All of the characters spanning the years are fascinating, and the Miami drug scene in the eighties and nineties provides a dangerous backdrop to the main story.   M. Robinson has an interesting way of writing where she takes you literally through the life and the mind of the main characters. It is a layered and very rich story, and not exactly for the faint of heart. Ms. Robinson is extremely talented and certainly can bring on the angst! Just please note that this book contains some very graphic erotic scenes and if that is your cup of tea, then you will love The Madam.   (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
462	Lan	average	This book starts off with an amazingly hot scene between Kat and Ream that doesn't end well. Ream is explosive and sexy, but he is harboring some terrible secrets that cause him to turn off emotionally and push Kat away. Kat herself is keeping a huge secret from Ream and the book turns on some major misunderstandings between the two of them.   The band is back home after being on tour and Ream aggressively pursues Kat. She can't deny his larger-than-lfe personality and his aggressive alpha tendencies. I loved this sexy, hot rocker but much of the story is spent with Kat denying her true feelings for him. I absolutely loved the two of them together, and they have incredibly explosive chemistry.   The story felt a little rushed toward the end, with several plot threads coming together and very crucial characters all appearing at the end of the story. I love dark reads but the darker elements felt a little forced, and I would have loved a little more background on some of the characters that shaped Ream's life. The best parts of the story were when Ream opened up emotionally about his past, I really felt connected to him and Kat during those moments in the story. My heart broke for Ream and what he endured in his past and I loved how he overcame these horrible obstacles so that he could be what Kat needed.   I loved all of the friends and bandmates and look forward to reading about Georgie and Deck. Nashoda Rose can write seem sizzling hot scenes and I look forward to reading more of her books!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
462	Khoa	average	This book starts off with an amazingly hot scene between Kat and Ream that doesn't end well. Ream is explosive and sexy, but he is harboring some terrible secrets that cause him to turn off emotionally and push Kat away. Kat herself is keeping a huge secret from Ream and the book turns on some major misunderstandings between the two of them.   The band is back home after being on tour and Ream aggressively pursues Kat. She can't deny his larger-than-lfe personality and his aggressive alpha tendencies. I loved this sexy, hot rocker but much of the story is spent with Kat denying her true feelings for him. I absolutely loved the two of them together, and they have incredibly explosive chemistry.   The story felt a little rushed toward the end, with several plot threads coming together and very crucial characters all appearing at the end of the story. I love dark reads but the darker elements felt a little forced, and I would have loved a little more background on some of the characters that shaped Ream's life. The best parts of the story were when Ream opened up emotionally about his past, I really felt connected to him and Kat during those moments in the story. My heart broke for Ream and what he endured in his past and I loved how he overcame these horrible obstacles so that he could be what Kat needed.   I loved all of the friends and bandmates and look forward to reading about Georgie and Deck. Nashoda Rose can write seem sizzling hot scenes and I look forward to reading more of her books!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
463	Lan	average	This is an action-packed, mafia-themed book with some romance that includes a hint of a classic love triangle. The story is told from multiple POVs which can be a little disorienting but which does give insight into the three main guy characters. I loved the chemistry between Nixon and Trace but I needed more romance! Their scenes together were sizzling but not explicit. This book explores the inner workings of mafia families and if you like mob stories, then you will love that part of the plot. There are a lot of secondary characters here, as well as lots of betrayals and violence...in short, a good look into the uncertain and tough world of crime families.   I am interested to see where Chase's story goes and hope there will be more written about him! I loved his scenes with Trace. Rachel Van Dyken is an excellent writer and there is never a dull moment with this story. Overall, I thought a Elect was a fast-paced read, with well-developed characters and lots of surprising plot twists.   (ARC provided by publisher in exchange for an honest review)
463	Khoa	average	This is an action-packed, mafia-themed book with some romance that includes a hint of a classic love triangle. The story is told from multiple POVs which can be a little disorienting but which does give insight into the three main guy characters. I loved the chemistry between Nixon and Trace but I needed more romance! Their scenes together were sizzling but not explicit. This book explores the inner workings of mafia families and if you like mob stories, then you will love that part of the plot. There are a lot of secondary characters here, as well as lots of betrayals and violence...in short, a good look into the uncertain and tough world of crime families.   I am interested to see where Chase's story goes and hope there will be more written about him! I loved his scenes with Trace. Rachel Van Dyken is an excellent writer and there is never a dull moment with this story. Overall, I thought a Elect was a fast-paced read, with well-developed characters and lots of surprising plot twists.   (ARC provided by publisher in exchange for an honest review)
464	Lan	average	4.5 stars!! If you are a fan of intense psychological thrillers, do not miss this last installment of the Evan Arden Trilogy! Evan is a shell of a man, he thinks he's unloveable and he suffers terribly from painful memories of his past. Lia might be his savior and he will do anything to protect her. The storyline is incredibly creative, and the steam factor is off the charts!   This is a real page-turner, a true romantic suspense story. There are some memorable (and dangerous) characters here and Ms. Savage kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time I was reading this book. I loved the completely unpredictable plot and absolutely loved the chemistry between Evan and Lia! I highly recommend this book and series when you crave some major suspense and need a departure from a hearts-and-flowers story. Evan is an amazing character, and the writing is top-notch. I am glad I got to know Evan Arden!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
464	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!! If you are a fan of intense psychological thrillers, do not miss this last installment of the Evan Arden Trilogy! Evan is a shell of a man, he thinks he's unloveable and he suffers terribly from painful memories of his past. Lia might be his savior and he will do anything to protect her. The storyline is incredibly creative, and the steam factor is off the charts!   This is a real page-turner, a true romantic suspense story. There are some memorable (and dangerous) characters here and Ms. Savage kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time I was reading this book. I loved the completely unpredictable plot and absolutely loved the chemistry between Evan and Lia! I highly recommend this book and series when you crave some major suspense and need a departure from a hearts-and-flowers story. Evan is an amazing character, and the writing is top-notch. I am glad I got to know Evan Arden!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
465	Lan	average	First, be aware that this book is not for the faint of heart. Human trafficking, drugs, kidnapping, abuse in all forms - this story contains all of this and more. But it is also an incredibly rewarding and fulfilling book if you can make it through the very difficult parts of Tess and Q's story.   Reading the fantastic Tears of Tess first is a must so that you can fully understand the dark and complex nature of the main characters' relationship. I had been waiting for Pepper Winers to continue Tess and Q's story and I devoured Quintessentially Q almost in one sitting. This is a highly addictive series and the writing is lush, detailed and very, very sexy. I mean, Q almost literally burns up the pages. If you like very dark erotic romance (yes, this is most definitely a romantic story), then I can't recommend this book and series highly enough. One of my favorite books this year.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
465	Khoa	average	First, be aware that this book is not for the faint of heart. Human trafficking, drugs, kidnapping, abuse in all forms - this story contains all of this and more. But it is also an incredibly rewarding and fulfilling book if you can make it through the very difficult parts of Tess and Q's story.   Reading the fantastic Tears of Tess first is a must so that you can fully understand the dark and complex nature of the main characters' relationship. I had been waiting for Pepper Winers to continue Tess and Q's story and I devoured Quintessentially Q almost in one sitting. This is a highly addictive series and the writing is lush, detailed and very, very sexy. I mean, Q almost literally burns up the pages. If you like very dark erotic romance (yes, this is most definitely a romantic story), then I can't recommend this book and series highly enough. One of my favorite books this year.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
466	Lan	average	Perfect!!   The publisher very graciously sent me a copy of this gorgeous book to review. From the minute I opened this book, I remembered why I LOVE Travis Maddox so much. This story brought me back to those treasured times when I would get lost in a book! A Beautiful Wedding answers all the questions you might have about the circumstances surrounding Travis and Abby's wedding. It is funny, it is tender, it is swoon-worthy and yes, I cried several times during the story!   Jamie McGuire is such a great writer that I immediately re-connected with these characters and was drawn right back into their story. This novella can definitely be read in one sitting but I kind of wanted to draw it out because I love Travis so much. This fantastic story is a must-read for all fans of the Beautiful Disaster series!   Favorite lines:   "We only got one shot at a wedding night, and I wanted it to be perfect."   "A Maddox boy will take you all the way to the edge, but if you go with him, he'll follow you anywhere."   "If you're not with me, it's not where I want to be."   (A copy was provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review.)
466	Khoa	good	Perfect!!   The publisher very graciously sent me a copy of this gorgeous book to review. From the minute I opened this book, I remembered why I LOVE Travis Maddox so much. This story brought me back to those treasured times when I would get lost in a book! A Beautiful Wedding answers all the questions you might have about the circumstances surrounding Travis and Abby's wedding. It is funny, it is tender, it is swoon-worthy and yes, I cried several times during the story!   Jamie McGuire is such a great writer that I immediately re-connected with these characters and was drawn right back into their story. This novella can definitely be read in one sitting but I kind of wanted to draw it out because I love Travis so much. This fantastic story is a must-read for all fans of the Beautiful Disaster series!   Favorite lines:   "We only got one shot at a wedding night, and I wanted it to be perfect."   "A Maddox boy will take you all the way to the edge, but if you go with him, he'll follow you anywhere."   "If you're not with me, it's not where I want to be."   (A copy was provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review.)
467	Lan	good	I absolutely love Laurelin Paige's writing style and Forever With You does not disappoint. The story begins right after Found in You ends and launches right into more delicious romance and intense chemistry between Alayna and Hudson. I loved this attentive and romantic side of Hudson!   "No. This is better than a beginning. This is what happens next." - Hudson   There are still lots of external forces conspiring to drive a wedge between these new lovers' relationship. PLus, Alayna has her own demons to deal with which make her behaviour at times vert maddening! This book inspired a lot of emotion in me and I was really worried that she would be the one to drive the two of them apart:   "He'd told me once that he would always be manioulative and domineering, even when he wasn't playing games. It was who he was. Me, I would always be obssessive. I'd always question. Even when I was healthy. Asking to forget about this was defying my nature." - Alayna   Hudson does all that he can possibly do under the circumstances to persuade Laynie that his feelings for her are genuine and real. But her obsessive nature bubbles to the surface on more than one occassion.   Hudson also seems to be keeping something from Laynie despite their promises to be completely honest and open with each other. There is a very compelling storyline here that is very creative and emotional. At times, I feared that Hudson's behavior, not Laynie's, would destroy their relationship. I don't want to give any spoilers away but rest assured that this book is packed with some totally HOT sex scenes and a fantastic storyline. It is a fabulous conclusion to the series! I highyl recommend this yummy trilogy and I hope there will be more written about these characters in the future.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
467	Khoa	good	I absolutely love Laurelin Paige's writing style and Forever With You does not disappoint. The story begins right after Found in You ends and launches right into more delicious romance and intense chemistry between Alayna and Hudson. I loved this attentive and romantic side of Hudson!   "No. This is better than a beginning. This is what happens next." - Hudson   There are still lots of external forces conspiring to drive a wedge between these new lovers' relationship. PLus, Alayna has her own demons to deal with which make her behaviour at times vert maddening! This book inspired a lot of emotion in me and I was really worried that she would be the one to drive the two of them apart:   "He'd told me once that he would always be manioulative and domineering, even when he wasn't playing games. It was who he was. Me, I would always be obssessive. I'd always question. Even when I was healthy. Asking to forget about this was defying my nature." - Alayna   Hudson does all that he can possibly do under the circumstances to persuade Laynie that his feelings for her are genuine and real. But her obsessive nature bubbles to the surface on more than one occassion.   Hudson also seems to be keeping something from Laynie despite their promises to be completely honest and open with each other. There is a very compelling storyline here that is very creative and emotional. At times, I feared that Hudson's behavior, not Laynie's, would destroy their relationship. I don't want to give any spoilers away but rest assured that this book is packed with some totally HOT sex scenes and a fantastic storyline. It is a fabulous conclusion to the series! I highyl recommend this yummy trilogy and I hope there will be more written about these characters in the future.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
468	Lan	good	I'll admit it. Even though I am addicted to reading, sometimes I get a little jaded...And then a book like Tangled comes along, and BAM! Just like that, I'm addicted to reading again. Seriously, a book that cites Braveheart, the Borg, an NYU sex study and frogs? I'm in.   Tangled is one of the most original books I have ever read. Told from the main male character Drew's POV, the very talented author gives the reader a peek into how guys really feel and think:   "Every healthy man in the world wakes up with a stiffy. A fatty. Morning wood. I'm sure there's some medical explanation for the phenomenon, but I just like to think of it as a little present from God."   Drew is insanely attractive, smart, hard-working and very wealthy. Sounds cliche, right? In the hands of this talented author, Drew is one of the most memorable and original characters I have ever encountered! I love Drew's inner monologues. They are both hysterically funny and very, very touching. He's a self-confessed womanizer who meets his match in the very smart and gorgeous Kate Brooks. He falls hard for Kate and all his old rules about women and dating fly out the window.   "Women fall in love quicker than men. Easier and more often. But when guys fall? We go down harder. And when things go bad? When it's not us who ends it? We don't get to walk away.   We crawl. "   The author has described the genre of Tangled as "Comedic Erotica" and "Funny Smut." Both phrases describe this book to a tee. It is both hilarious and very, very intense. I started reading this book past midnight and did not want to put it down. Seriously, it's that addictive. Don't waste time reading this review. Start reading Tangled. You will absolutely fall in love with Drew!   ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review.
468	Khoa	good	I'll admit it. Even though I am addicted to reading, sometimes I get a little jaded...And then a book like Tangled comes along, and BAM! Just like that, I'm addicted to reading again. Seriously, a book that cites Braveheart, the Borg, an NYU sex study and frogs? I'm in.   Tangled is one of the most original books I have ever read. Told from the main male character Drew's POV, the very talented author gives the reader a peek into how guys really feel and think:   "Every healthy man in the world wakes up with a stiffy. A fatty. Morning wood. I'm sure there's some medical explanation for the phenomenon, but I just like to think of it as a little present from God."   Drew is insanely attractive, smart, hard-working and very wealthy. Sounds cliche, right? In the hands of this talented author, Drew is one of the most memorable and original characters I have ever encountered! I love Drew's inner monologues. They are both hysterically funny and very, very touching. He's a self-confessed womanizer who meets his match in the very smart and gorgeous Kate Brooks. He falls hard for Kate and all his old rules about women and dating fly out the window.   "Women fall in love quicker than men. Easier and more often. But when guys fall? We go down harder. And when things go bad? When it's not us who ends it? We don't get to walk away.   We crawl. "   The author has described the genre of Tangled as "Comedic Erotica" and "Funny Smut." Both phrases describe this book to a tee. It is both hilarious and very, very intense. I started reading this book past midnight and did not want to put it down. Seriously, it's that addictive. Don't waste time reading this review. Start reading Tangled. You will absolutely fall in love with Drew!   ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review.
469	Lan	good	The Hard Ink Series by Laura Kaye is a thrilling and super-sexy series! I loved the first book As Hard As It Get, and Hard As You Can delivers another romantic suspense story with Shane and Crystal. Their story begins almost immediately after the first book. They both have suffered terribly, in different ways. Crystal is a waitress at a strip club, paying off an old debt while taking care of her special needs sister. Shane is a protective former Special Forces Officer who is intrigued by Crystal and wants nothing more than to take care of her.   These two are dealing with some very tough circumstances, to put it mildly. There is a pretty detailed backstory in Hard As It Gets that might be helpful to read before Shane and Crystal's book to give you a sense of the characters and their relationship to each other. I absolutely loved the sexy scenes between Shane and Crystal and the twists and turns that Laura Kaye does so well. If you like super hot military men and a steamy story with some mystery and intrigue thrown in, than Hard As You Can is for you!   (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review)
469	Khoa	average	The Hard Ink Series by Laura Kaye is a thrilling and super-sexy series! I loved the first book As Hard As It Get, and Hard As You Can delivers another romantic suspense story with Shane and Crystal. Their story begins almost immediately after the first book. They both have suffered terribly, in different ways. Crystal is a waitress at a strip club, paying off an old debt while taking care of her special needs sister. Shane is a protective former Special Forces Officer who is intrigued by Crystal and wants nothing more than to take care of her.   These two are dealing with some very tough circumstances, to put it mildly. There is a pretty detailed backstory in Hard As It Gets that might be helpful to read before Shane and Crystal's book to give you a sense of the characters and their relationship to each other. I absolutely loved the sexy scenes between Shane and Crystal and the twists and turns that Laura Kaye does so well. If you like super hot military men and a steamy story with some mystery and intrigue thrown in, than Hard As You Can is for you!   (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review)
470	Lan	average	4.5 stars!! Settle in and enjoy this sexy and witty novella from the wonderful Emma Chase! Light and hilarious, Holy Frigging Matrimony will hold you over until the next installment arrives from Ms. Chase. This short story offers Drew's oh-so-masculine POV and plenty of sexy times to satisfy even the most jaded reader. The author is a fantastic writer, and packs an action-filled plot into a small package. Loved this story! Treat yourself to a sexy and hilarious read from the one and only Emma Chase.   (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review)
470	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!! Settle in and enjoy this sexy and witty novella from the wonderful Emma Chase! Light and hilarious, Holy Frigging Matrimony will hold you over until the next installment arrives from Ms. Chase. This short story offers Drew's oh-so-masculine POV and plenty of sexy times to satisfy even the most jaded reader. The author is a fantastic writer, and packs an action-filled plot into a small package. Loved this story! Treat yourself to a sexy and hilarious read from the one and only Emma Chase.   (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review)
471	Lan	good	5+++ stars!!   I love to read and I read a ton of books. Among all the books I have read, Night Owl is one of my top favorite books of all time. I could not wait to get my hands on Last Light. And let me just say that M. Pierce delivered big-time with this book.   Matt Sky makes my heart hurt. I have not stopped thinking about him since I finished reading Last Light. Wait, what? He's a fictional character? That's okay. I'm still obsessed with him.   Last Light picks up as Matt has faked his own death, and retreated to a life of solitude in the woods. He simply cannot bear the attention and acclaim that came with being a famous author. He has convinced Hannah to play along with his ruse, much to her growing dismay. Poor, beleagured Hannah is forced into the charade as she attends Matt's memorial and is faced with lying to his family and an ever-growing web of deceit. And hello, Sky brothers! In Last Light, we get to know uber-sexy, bad-boy Seth, who I hope and pray will get his own story soon. Seth is absolutely irresistable. But I digress. Matt made me very uncomfortable with his growing deception, and his relationship with a new character named Melanie. If she was supposed to be a sympathetic character, I'm not buying it. I hated her!!   I don't want to give away any plot spoilers so I will just say that I am in love with this series and with this author. The sense of melancholy that pervades this book is completely haunting, but is perfectly balanced with humor and some of the hottest sex scenes you will EVER read. Did I mention that M. Pierce is a brilliant writer? I haven't stopped thinking about this book since I finished and I might have to go back in for a re-read. The cast of characters from this series are unforgettable. I cannot wait for After Dark!   (*ARC reviewed from NetGalley)
471	Khoa	good	5+++ stars!!   I love to read and I read a ton of books. Among all the books I have read, Night Owl is one of my top favorite books of all time. I could not wait to get my hands on Last Light. And let me just say that M. Pierce delivered big-time with this book.   Matt Sky makes my heart hurt. I have not stopped thinking about him since I finished reading Last Light. Wait, what? He's a fictional character? That's okay. I'm still obsessed with him.   Last Light picks up as Matt has faked his own death, and retreated to a life of solitude in the woods. He simply cannot bear the attention and acclaim that came with being a famous author. He has convinced Hannah to play along with his ruse, much to her growing dismay. Poor, beleagured Hannah is forced into the charade as she attends Matt's memorial and is faced with lying to his family and an ever-growing web of deceit. And hello, Sky brothers! In Last Light, we get to know uber-sexy, bad-boy Seth, who I hope and pray will get his own story soon. Seth is absolutely irresistable. But I digress. Matt made me very uncomfortable with his growing deception, and his relationship with a new character named Melanie. If she was supposed to be a sympathetic character, I'm not buying it. I hated her!!   I don't want to give away any plot spoilers so I will just say that I am in love with this series and with this author. The sense of melancholy that pervades this book is completely haunting, but is perfectly balanced with humor and some of the hottest sex scenes you will EVER read. Did I mention that M. Pierce is a brilliant writer? I haven't stopped thinking about this book since I finished and I might have to go back in for a re-read. The cast of characters from this series are unforgettable. I cannot wait for After Dark!   (*ARC reviewed from NetGalley)
472	Lan	good	4.5 stars!! Hard As It Gets not only hooked me in from the first page, it actually had me at the cover. Whoa! The publisher was kind enough to send me a paperback and it is stunning. Now, on to the novel. I absolutely loved this very suspenseful and totally HOT story of Becca and Nick and the introduction into the Hard Ink world. Becca is frantically searching for her missing brother, and her search leads her to Nicholas Bixey and Hard Ink, the tattoo parlor he co-owns with his brother. Nick resists her at first but then is drawn into helping her, due to the deep ties he had with her military father and because he is completely attracted to her. The action begins and doesn't let up until the last page. There are some loose ends left (NOT a cliffhanger though!) and I can't wait to see where the author takes us with the underlying mystery.   One of the reasons why I loved this romantic suspense story is because the relationship between Becca and Nick builds nicely and is very believable. Yes, their chemistry is off the charts but they both treat each other with respect and Becca could have been a pushover but she's actually a very strong character.   Hard As It Gets is a tough, sexy, action-filled mystery filled with well-written, fantastic characters. I'm eager to read more about each and every one. Nick is one hot Alpha male and I loved the VERY steamy sexy times between Nick and Becca. Wowza! Ms. Kaye really knows how to turn up the heat! This was my very first Laura Kaye novel and I'm hooked! I'm looking forward to reading more books in this series.   (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review)
472	Khoa	good	4.5 stars!! Hard As It Gets not only hooked me in from the first page, it actually had me at the cover. Whoa! The publisher was kind enough to send me a paperback and it is stunning. Now, on to the novel. I absolutely loved this very suspenseful and totally HOT story of Becca and Nick and the introduction into the Hard Ink world. Becca is frantically searching for her missing brother, and her search leads her to Nicholas Bixey and Hard Ink, the tattoo parlor he co-owns with his brother. Nick resists her at first but then is drawn into helping her, due to the deep ties he had with her military father and because he is completely attracted to her. The action begins and doesn't let up until the last page. There are some loose ends left (NOT a cliffhanger though!) and I can't wait to see where the author takes us with the underlying mystery.   One of the reasons why I loved this romantic suspense story is because the relationship between Becca and Nick builds nicely and is very believable. Yes, their chemistry is off the charts but they both treat each other with respect and Becca could have been a pushover but she's actually a very strong character.   Hard As It Gets is a tough, sexy, action-filled mystery filled with well-written, fantastic characters. I'm eager to read more about each and every one. Nick is one hot Alpha male and I loved the VERY steamy sexy times between Nick and Becca. Wowza! Ms. Kaye really knows how to turn up the heat! This was my very first Laura Kaye novel and I'm hooked! I'm looking forward to reading more books in this series.   (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review)
473	Lan	excellent	A lush, sensual, erotic and suspenseful story that is at once poignant and dangerous. Another must-read from.SR and easily one of my top reads of 2015!!   To say that I was ecstatic to read this book is an understatement.   The Raven has everything I love about Sylvain Reynard's writing and more. Lyrical, erotic, sensual and mysterious, The Raven begins another addictive series with the introduction of Raven and the Prince. This book is a must-read!!   Professor Emerson and his wife do appear here, but Raven and the Prince are themselves insanely fascinating. Even if you are not a huge fan of paranormal stories, this book is a must read for the thrilling story and lush, intensely sexual scenes. We are introduced to the Prince, leader of the City of Florence, who is at once cold and calculating but beautiful in his own right. He cannot stay away from Raven and feels compelled to help her again and again. He sees in her virtue and goodness, and she awakens long-dormant feelings that he never believed he could have, even at his own peril.   "I'm afraid that trouble is not what you do. Trouble is what you are."   Raven is an unlikely heroine and I fell in love with her! She is damaged goods, inside and out, and her painful history is hinted at and then ultimately explained. She is an extremely sympathetic character and I cannot wait to read more about her in the next book. The Prince, too, is surprised at his attraction to her; might she lead him to redemption and true love?   "In many ways, we are the most perfect match. We see each other as we are, but neither of us views the other as broken."   I am not articulate enough to adequately describe the virtues of this book! Part art history lesson, part paranormal romance, part erotica, it is a must read for all fans of Gabriel's Inferno - and even for those readers new to the series. This book can be read as a standalone but is best understood after having read the GI series. The Raven is engrossing, suspenseful, sexy and and yes, humorous. Do not miss this book! And while it has a a fabulous conclusion, there is much, much more to come for these characters and I cannot wait for more!!   Favorite quote:   "You are my greatest virtue and my deepest vice."
473	Khoa	excellent	A lush, sensual, erotic and suspenseful story that is at once poignant and dangerous. Another must-read from.SR and easily one of my top reads of 2015!!   To say that I was ecstatic to read this book is an understatement.   The Raven has everything I love about Sylvain Reynard's writing and more. Lyrical, erotic, sensual and mysterious, The Raven begins another addictive series with the introduction of Raven and the Prince. This book is a must-read!!   Professor Emerson and his wife do appear here, but Raven and the Prince are themselves insanely fascinating. Even if you are not a huge fan of paranormal stories, this book is a must read for the thrilling story and lush, intensely sexual scenes. We are introduced to the Prince, leader of the City of Florence, who is at once cold and calculating but beautiful in his own right. He cannot stay away from Raven and feels compelled to help her again and again. He sees in her virtue and goodness, and she awakens long-dormant feelings that he never believed he could have, even at his own peril.   "I'm afraid that trouble is not what you do. Trouble is what you are."   Raven is an unlikely heroine and I fell in love with her! She is damaged goods, inside and out, and her painful history is hinted at and then ultimately explained. She is an extremely sympathetic character and I cannot wait to read more about her in the next book. The Prince, too, is surprised at his attraction to her; might she lead him to redemption and true love?   "In many ways, we are the most perfect match. We see each other as we are, but neither of us views the other as broken."   I am not articulate enough to adequately describe the virtues of this book! Part art history lesson, part paranormal romance, part erotica, it is a must read for all fans of Gabriel's Inferno - and even for those readers new to the series. This book can be read as a standalone but is best understood after having read the GI series. The Raven is engrossing, suspenseful, sexy and and yes, humorous. Do not miss this book! And while it has a a fabulous conclusion, there is much, much more to come for these characters and I cannot wait for more!!   Favorite quote:   "You are my greatest virtue and my deepest vice."
474	Lan	good	This book drew me in right from the first few pages. Lorrie has been (understandably) struggling with the tragic deaths of both parents. She has returned to college after taking time off and feels overwhelmed by her life. She is almost literally thrown right into the arms of the incredibly hot Hunter "The Hammer" Jensen, a fellow college student who also happens to be a sexy MMA fighter. Lorrie finally feels a little emotion, but refuses to let herself become romantically involved with Hunter.   I really loved Hunter. He is sexy, incredibly sweet to Lorrie, and doesn't give up when Lorrie tries to keep him at arm's length. There's a slow build up to their relationship, but when they get together, BAM! The floodgates really open up, so to speak! The author really knows how to write incredibly steamy sex scenes, and Hunter and Lorrie are totally HOT together.   There were parts of this story that I became frustrated with Lorrie. I mean, this gorgeous and really caring guy wanted to be more than friends but she kept pushing him away. It then becomes clear that Hunter also has a wounded soul and is maybe hiding a secret or two of his own.   I really enjoyed this book. What started off as a typical college story turned into something more for me. I liked the creative plot and the emotion between Lorrie and Hunter. This book ends on a very suprising note and I can't wait to read more of Lorrie and Hunter's story!   (Copy provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
474	Khoa	average	This book drew me in right from the first few pages. Lorrie has been (understandably) struggling with the tragic deaths of both parents. She has returned to college after taking time off and feels overwhelmed by her life. She is almost literally thrown right into the arms of the incredibly hot Hunter "The Hammer" Jensen, a fellow college student who also happens to be a sexy MMA fighter. Lorrie finally feels a little emotion, but refuses to let herself become romantically involved with Hunter.   I really loved Hunter. He is sexy, incredibly sweet to Lorrie, and doesn't give up when Lorrie tries to keep him at arm's length. There's a slow build up to their relationship, but when they get together, BAM! The floodgates really open up, so to speak! The author really knows how to write incredibly steamy sex scenes, and Hunter and Lorrie are totally HOT together.   There were parts of this story that I became frustrated with Lorrie. I mean, this gorgeous and really caring guy wanted to be more than friends but she kept pushing him away. It then becomes clear that Hunter also has a wounded soul and is maybe hiding a secret or two of his own.   I really enjoyed this book. What started off as a typical college story turned into something more for me. I liked the creative plot and the emotion between Lorrie and Hunter. This book ends on a very suprising note and I can't wait to read more of Lorrie and Hunter's story!   (Copy provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
475	Lan	average	Saving Alexander is a very sexy, very raw, and very emotional m/m love story with a thriller thrown in for good measure. As a fan of the m/m genre, I found the story to be very gripping and very satisfying in terms of the heat factor. I read a fair amount of m/m books and I generally find female authors to be a bit less gritty, but I will say the sex scenes in Saving Alexander did not disappoint! The heartbreaking description of Alex's background, from which he tries to find some sort of healing through BDSM sessions, is balanced out nicely by the loving relationship he finds with Sage. There is a suspenseful storyline here along with the very erotic romance between Sage and Alex. The only minor drawback for me was that these two talked A LOT about their relationship and their feelings. But overall I really liked this book and found it to be incredibly well written and enjoyable! Definitely a must-read for any fan of m/m books.   *ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review*
475	Khoa	average	Saving Alexander is a very sexy, very raw, and very emotional m/m love story with a thriller thrown in for good measure. As a fan of the m/m genre, I found the story to be very gripping and very satisfying in terms of the heat factor. I read a fair amount of m/m books and I generally find female authors to be a bit less gritty, but I will say the sex scenes in Saving Alexander did not disappoint! The heartbreaking description of Alex's background, from which he tries to find some sort of healing through BDSM sessions, is balanced out nicely by the loving relationship he finds with Sage. There is a suspenseful storyline here along with the very erotic romance between Sage and Alex. The only minor drawback for me was that these two talked A LOT about their relationship and their feelings. But overall I really liked this book and found it to be incredibly well written and enjoyable! Definitely a must-read for any fan of m/m books.   *ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review*
476	Lan	average	First, let me be a little superficial and say that I have always loved this book cover and now after reading Eversea, I can say that everything on the cover has significance, from the colors to the shapes to the objects. I love it when that much thought goes into a cover. Okay, now, onto the story. I read this fantastic book in one day! Jack and Keri Ann totally drew me in and would not let go. I absolutely loved the Southern beach town setting and the not-so-pretty glimpse into the world of Hollywood fame and superstardom. The author has created very passionate and complex characters that I related to from the first page. And the steam factor is perfect! Both characters have complicated histories that are slowly revealed, making for an emotional and at times, shocking read. Book Hangover factor was a 10 on this one. Loved this book and cannot wait for its sequel, Forever, Jack.
476	Khoa	average	First, let me be a little superficial and say that I have always loved this book cover and now after reading Eversea, I can say that everything on the cover has significance, from the colors to the shapes to the objects. I love it when that much thought goes into a cover. Okay, now, onto the story. I read this fantastic book in one day! Jack and Keri Ann totally drew me in and would not let go. I absolutely loved the Southern beach town setting and the not-so-pretty glimpse into the world of Hollywood fame and superstardom. The author has created very passionate and complex characters that I related to from the first page. And the steam factor is perfect! Both characters have complicated histories that are slowly revealed, making for an emotional and at times, shocking read. Book Hangover factor was a 10 on this one. Loved this book and cannot wait for its sequel, Forever, Jack.
477	Lan	average	There are a lot of books competing for your attention but The Dark Light of Day is a must-read! Gritty, sexy, rough, heartbreaking, but uplifting and yes, romantic, Abby and Jake will get under your skin, and you won't soon forget them. Abby has had a hard-knock life and is beaten down at every turn. Jake is sexy and dangerous but there's a lot more to him than meets the eye. These two battle almost insurmountable odds and the author's writing will keep you frantically turning the pages until you finish. Loved the conclusion to this book. I adore this author and can't wait for her next book, King.   (Photo courtesy of the author)
477	Khoa	average	There are a lot of books competing for your attention but The Dark Light of Day is a must-read! Gritty, sexy, rough, heartbreaking, but uplifting and yes, romantic, Abby and Jake will get under your skin, and you won't soon forget them. Abby has had a hard-knock life and is beaten down at every turn. Jake is sexy and dangerous but there's a lot more to him than meets the eye. These two battle almost insurmountable odds and the author's writing will keep you frantically turning the pages until you finish. Loved the conclusion to this book. I adore this author and can't wait for her next book, King.   (Photo courtesy of the author)
478	Lan	average	4.5 stars!! Fantastic story with depth, steam and heart. I picked up Jake Undone and was immediately drawn into the story, without knowing too much about the author or the characters. I recommend reading Gemini first but I don't think it's 100% necessary. Jake and Nina captivated me from the the first page. They begin in the friend zone as roommates but it's clear there is so much more to Jake than he is revealing to Nina. He is hot, tatted, passionate, and surprise, an engineer! Nina is beautiful but filled with phobias which Jake helps her overcome.   These two have amazing chemistry, and the story is totally captivating! This book was a complete surprise. Jake and Nina's sexy times are absolutely incredible. The story has two major plot twists (yes, two!) which completely took me by surprise. The author has created a very memorable book boyfriend in Jake. And the dual POV's are perfect. I am so happy to have found Jake, Nina and author Penelope Ward and look forward to her next book!
478	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!! Fantastic story with depth, steam and heart. I picked up Jake Undone and was immediately drawn into the story, without knowing too much about the author or the characters. I recommend reading Gemini first but I don't think it's 100% necessary. Jake and Nina captivated me from the the first page. They begin in the friend zone as roommates but it's clear there is so much more to Jake than he is revealing to Nina. He is hot, tatted, passionate, and surprise, an engineer! Nina is beautiful but filled with phobias which Jake helps her overcome.   These two have amazing chemistry, and the story is totally captivating! This book was a complete surprise. Jake and Nina's sexy times are absolutely incredible. The story has two major plot twists (yes, two!) which completely took me by surprise. The author has created a very memorable book boyfriend in Jake. And the dual POV's are perfect. I am so happy to have found Jake, Nina and author Penelope Ward and look forward to her next book!
479	Lan	average	4 1/2 stars! A very grown-up sequel to the first book in this series, Disclosure of the Heart is a wonderful story about second-chance love. Nicki works in the White House, traveling with the President and in a seemingly passionate relationship with Juan Carlos. Along comes Adam, now a BBC reporter who now has a long-term girlfriend. Nicki can't forget her first love Adam but a relationship between them now would violate lots of rules, both personal and professional. There is lots of back-and-forth between Adam and Nicki and although at times, I wanted their relationship to speed up a bit, it was actually very realistic. I was pleasantly surprised at the steam factor in this book! I loved it! Mary Whitney obviously did her research here on the politics of working in the White House. This is a very smart, sexy, adult book, and is a great conclusion to Adam and Nicki's story!   (An ARC was provided by the author in exchange for an honest review)
479	Khoa	average	4 1/2 stars! A very grown-up sequel to the first book in this series, Disclosure of the Heart is a wonderful story about second-chance love. Nicki works in the White House, traveling with the President and in a seemingly passionate relationship with Juan Carlos. Along comes Adam, now a BBC reporter who now has a long-term girlfriend. Nicki can't forget her first love Adam but a relationship between them now would violate lots of rules, both personal and professional. There is lots of back-and-forth between Adam and Nicki and although at times, I wanted their relationship to speed up a bit, it was actually very realistic. I was pleasantly surprised at the steam factor in this book! I loved it! Mary Whitney obviously did her research here on the politics of working in the White House. This is a very smart, sexy, adult book, and is a great conclusion to Adam and Nicki's story!   (An ARC was provided by the author in exchange for an honest review)
480	Lan	poor	Fantastic, page-turning, gripping and unbelievably hot book. I am in love with both characters! Thank you, M. Pierce, for Matt and Hannah! By far, one of the most creative stories I have read in a long while. Drop everything and read Night Owl!   Read our full review here
480	Khoa	poor	Fantastic, page-turning, gripping and unbelievably hot book. I am in love with both characters! Thank you, M. Pierce, for Matt and Hannah! By far, one of the most creative stories I have read in a long while. Drop everything and read Night Owl!   Read our full review here
481	Lan	average	Samanthe Beck has written a hot, sexy, smutty and fabulous military book! Michael is strong, loving, sexy as hell, and meets Chloe under very funny circumstances, Chloe is his free-spirited neighbor who has been very unlucky at love and can't believe this gorgeous Marine would be attracted to her. Their sex scenes are totally hot and the story overall is very well-written and believable. I loved the Epilogue! I am a new fan of Brazen and Samanthe Beck and highly recommend Falling for the Marine, especially when you want a fairly quick, smutty book with a gorgeous and sweet Alpha. Happy reading!   (ARC provided by the publisher)
481	Khoa	average	Samanthe Beck has written a hot, sexy, smutty and fabulous military book! Michael is strong, loving, sexy as hell, and meets Chloe under very funny circumstances, Chloe is his free-spirited neighbor who has been very unlucky at love and can't believe this gorgeous Marine would be attracted to her. Their sex scenes are totally hot and the story overall is very well-written and believable. I loved the Epilogue! I am a new fan of Brazen and Samanthe Beck and highly recommend Falling for the Marine, especially when you want a fairly quick, smutty book with a gorgeous and sweet Alpha. Happy reading!   (ARC provided by the publisher)
482	Lan	good	5+++ stars!!!   If I could give this book 10 stars, I would. Fighting Redemption belongs on everyone's must-read list. The writing is perfection, the story is emotional, sexy, funny, beautiful and thrilling, and the characters will stay with you long after you finish the words on the page.   Kate McCarthy has created a memorable novel that is filled with so much emotion, loyalty and love, that I don't even know how I can do justice to her written words. I absolutely fell in love with Jake, Ryan and Fin and was rooting for all of them from the first page! Ryan had very painful childhood and grows up desperate to leave his small town far behind. He has a burning desire to join the military and no one, not even the beautiful and sweet Fin, can change his course. He loves her deeply but feels that he must let her move on with her life because the military will always come first for him.   "He shouldn't still be feeling this way after so many years. Why was he doing this to her, and to himself? It was better for everyone if he stayed away like he was supposed to."   Fin, too, tries to move on but is drawn to Ryan and can't let go.   "She took a step closer and he breathed her in, her scent like jasmine on a hot summer's day. He was surprised when he looked into her eyes and saw anger burning hotly in their depths."   The book perfectly outlines their struggles to love, overcome loss, and be real and honest with one another.   "Why can't I force myself to leave?" He rested his forehead against hers and closed his eyes. "I hurt too. For six years I fought every day not to think of you, and I lost, because every day you were all I could see. You were the best thing in my life--so sweet and innocent, and so goddamn tempting." His hand strayed from her hip and slid down to grip her ass. He swallowed the groan. "I stayed away so you could move on."   This is easily one of my top books of 2013 and it is a must-read!! Fighting Redemption is the perfect mix of Alpha heroes, emotion, sexy times, a great story and extremely well-written characters. There are also several great twists to the story which will keep you on your toes. Kate McCarthy is an extremely gifted writer and I can't wait for more stories from her. (And I heard that she is writing a bonus chapter to Fighting Redemption, so stay tuned!)
482	Khoa	good	5+++ stars!!!   If I could give this book 10 stars, I would. Fighting Redemption belongs on everyone's must-read list. The writing is perfection, the story is emotional, sexy, funny, beautiful and thrilling, and the characters will stay with you long after you finish the words on the page.   Kate McCarthy has created a memorable novel that is filled with so much emotion, loyalty and love, that I don't even know how I can do justice to her written words. I absolutely fell in love with Jake, Ryan and Fin and was rooting for all of them from the first page! Ryan had very painful childhood and grows up desperate to leave his small town far behind. He has a burning desire to join the military and no one, not even the beautiful and sweet Fin, can change his course. He loves her deeply but feels that he must let her move on with her life because the military will always come first for him.   "He shouldn't still be feeling this way after so many years. Why was he doing this to her, and to himself? It was better for everyone if he stayed away like he was supposed to."   Fin, too, tries to move on but is drawn to Ryan and can't let go.   "She took a step closer and he breathed her in, her scent like jasmine on a hot summer's day. He was surprised when he looked into her eyes and saw anger burning hotly in their depths."   The book perfectly outlines their struggles to love, overcome loss, and be real and honest with one another.   "Why can't I force myself to leave?" He rested his forehead against hers and closed his eyes. "I hurt too. For six years I fought every day not to think of you, and I lost, because every day you were all I could see. You were the best thing in my life--so sweet and innocent, and so goddamn tempting." His hand strayed from her hip and slid down to grip her ass. He swallowed the groan. "I stayed away so you could move on."   This is easily one of my top books of 2013 and it is a must-read!! Fighting Redemption is the perfect mix of Alpha heroes, emotion, sexy times, a great story and extremely well-written characters. There are also several great twists to the story which will keep you on your toes. Kate McCarthy is an extremely gifted writer and I can't wait for more stories from her. (And I heard that she is writing a bonus chapter to Fighting Redemption, so stay tuned!)
483	Lan	average	The gorgeous cover of Undertow always intrigued me and I am happy to say that the writing fully matches the cover. This is a beautifully written story that has family drama, a great plot and a twist on the usual romance story. I loved the characters of Aesa (great name) and Decker. I also loved Aesa's father, the ship captain who seems to have everyone's respect excerpt for his daughter's.   Secrets are revealed, lots of action and romance ensue, and I couldn't put this book down, I read it in one sitting. I really cared about Aesa and Decker and felt emotionally connected to them. Treat yourself and read Undertow, you will not be disappointed. There is no cliffhanger here and this book is a standalone, but I would really love to read more about these characters! Amber Lynn Natusch is a wonderful writer and I can't wait to read more from her.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
483	Khoa	average	The gorgeous cover of Undertow always intrigued me and I am happy to say that the writing fully matches the cover. This is a beautifully written story that has family drama, a great plot and a twist on the usual romance story. I loved the characters of Aesa (great name) and Decker. I also loved Aesa's father, the ship captain who seems to have everyone's respect excerpt for his daughter's.   Secrets are revealed, lots of action and romance ensue, and I couldn't put this book down, I read it in one sitting. I really cared about Aesa and Decker and felt emotionally connected to them. Treat yourself and read Undertow, you will not be disappointed. There is no cliffhanger here and this book is a standalone, but I would really love to read more about these characters! Amber Lynn Natusch is a wonderful writer and I can't wait to read more from her.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
484	Lan	average	3.5 stars!! Always You is a very hot, sweet and sometimes angsty story of a student-teacher romance. Wrenn is very mature for an 18 year old and Dalton is only a few years older, just out of college. Added to that is the fact that he is teaching at her school on a temporary assignment, filling in for a teacher on maternity leave.   Their attraction builds, and their scenes together are very satisfying and super-steamy. This story is perfect for when you need a sexy, fairly quick read that is a standalone with no cliffhanger. I didn't feel too much of a taboo feeling towards their relationship, but I was on pins and needles waiting for the other shoe to drop.   Dalton is hiding a life-changing secret that is hinted at from the beginning. I liked the sensitivity with which the author dealt with his topic, and the ending and prologue were nicely satisfying. Always You is another enjoyable, sexy and emotional read from Missy Johnson.
484	Khoa	average	3.5 stars!! Always You is a very hot, sweet and sometimes angsty story of a student-teacher romance. Wrenn is very mature for an 18 year old and Dalton is only a few years older, just out of college. Added to that is the fact that he is teaching at her school on a temporary assignment, filling in for a teacher on maternity leave.   Their attraction builds, and their scenes together are very satisfying and super-steamy. This story is perfect for when you need a sexy, fairly quick read that is a standalone with no cliffhanger. I didn't feel too much of a taboo feeling towards their relationship, but I was on pins and needles waiting for the other shoe to drop.   Dalton is hiding a life-changing secret that is hinted at from the beginning. I liked the sensitivity with which the author dealt with his topic, and the ending and prologue were nicely satisfying. Always You is another enjoyable, sexy and emotional read from Missy Johnson.
485	Lan	good	4.5 stars! LOVE LOVE LOVED it!!   Jace and Colt (love the name) have been admiring each other from afar for years. Jace is openly gay but Colt is closeted. This book literally hits the ground running, and doesn't let up until the end. I was hooked right away and loved every minute of this very beautiful, sexy and dramatic story. And let me tell you, this story is HOT!!   When Colt and Jace first get together, there are almost fireworks exploding!   "Let me tell you what I am sure of, what I want. I want you to fuck me tonight. I want you inside me. It's my first time, but I know I liked your finger in my ass when we made out in the locker room. How do you feel about that?"   I loved Jace, he is kind and loving and only wants the best for Colt. He could have pushed Colt to come out of the closet but he didn't. He is loving and protective, even though he gets hurt by Colt's actions. These characters tragically spend years apart, and during that time, I also felt huge sympathy for Colt. Living his life as a lie brings him nothing but pain and heartache. But he courageously makes a lot of changes and as part of that, he goes after the love of his life, Jace.   "No, I just need a minute, that's all. I've thought about this night for a long time. I want this, and I want it with you." Colt kissed Jace's lips, a smile spread across his face. "I plan on doing this often. Just be gentle with me, or not. Whatever." And with that, Colt gave a devilish smirk, winked, and turned on his heel, not bothering to look back as he stepped inside the bathroom.   I loved the beautiful love story between Jace and Colt. It gets a but melodramatic at times but the love scenes are fantastic and I loved the whole storyline about being openly gay in the world of professional sports. I love a sexy M/M story with two male leads who are devoted to each other. Beware, this book is also filled with some pretty hateful characters! There are also some great supporting players. In particular, I am hopeful that Mitch will get his own story! This is my first book by Kindle Alexander and I can't wait to read more from her.   (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)   Favorite Quotes:   "You're so freaking hot, Michaels. As much as I love watching you suck my thumb, I have bigger plans for you. I wanna show you how good this can be. I need to be buried balls deep inside you, and I will be, but I want you good and relaxed before we start."   "I'm not gonna say it now, but I hope you see where I'm going with this. I want the promise of someday from you. That's all I'm asking, Jace."   "I love you, Jace. I always have, and through all my mistakes, I wanted you to know I've never said that to anyone else. Only you."   "You're so beautiful, Jace. I need to memorize everything about you so I can remember this moment while I'm on the road with the team and can't get home to see you."
485	Khoa	good	4.5 stars! LOVE LOVE LOVED it!!   Jace and Colt (love the name) have been admiring each other from afar for years. Jace is openly gay but Colt is closeted. This book literally hits the ground running, and doesn't let up until the end. I was hooked right away and loved every minute of this very beautiful, sexy and dramatic story. And let me tell you, this story is HOT!!   When Colt and Jace first get together, there are almost fireworks exploding!   "Let me tell you what I am sure of, what I want. I want you to fuck me tonight. I want you inside me. It's my first time, but I know I liked your finger in my ass when we made out in the locker room. How do you feel about that?"   I loved Jace, he is kind and loving and only wants the best for Colt. He could have pushed Colt to come out of the closet but he didn't. He is loving and protective, even though he gets hurt by Colt's actions. These characters tragically spend years apart, and during that time, I also felt huge sympathy for Colt. Living his life as a lie brings him nothing but pain and heartache. But he courageously makes a lot of changes and as part of that, he goes after the love of his life, Jace.   "No, I just need a minute, that's all. I've thought about this night for a long time. I want this, and I want it with you." Colt kissed Jace's lips, a smile spread across his face. "I plan on doing this often. Just be gentle with me, or not. Whatever." And with that, Colt gave a devilish smirk, winked, and turned on his heel, not bothering to look back as he stepped inside the bathroom.   I loved the beautiful love story between Jace and Colt. It gets a but melodramatic at times but the love scenes are fantastic and I loved the whole storyline about being openly gay in the world of professional sports. I love a sexy M/M story with two male leads who are devoted to each other. Beware, this book is also filled with some pretty hateful characters! There are also some great supporting players. In particular, I am hopeful that Mitch will get his own story! This is my first book by Kindle Alexander and I can't wait to read more from her.   (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)   Favorite Quotes:   "You're so freaking hot, Michaels. As much as I love watching you suck my thumb, I have bigger plans for you. I wanna show you how good this can be. I need to be buried balls deep inside you, and I will be, but I want you good and relaxed before we start."   "I'm not gonna say it now, but I hope you see where I'm going with this. I want the promise of someday from you. That's all I'm asking, Jace."   "I love you, Jace. I always have, and through all my mistakes, I wanted you to know I've never said that to anyone else. Only you."   "You're so beautiful, Jace. I need to memorize everything about you so I can remember this moment while I'm on the road with the team and can't get home to see you."
486	Lan	good	Once I got into this book, I was rewarded with a dramatic, VERY sexy story with a fabulous story and memorable characters. There is a little bit of a Colleen Hoover and Jamie McGuire vibe about this book, but it is also very adult on many levels, despite the college setting.   Amber, Brock and Ryder are all very complex characters and their histories makes it easy to understand and empathize with them as they plunge headlong into a steamy and passionate relationship. Amber especially has suffered terribly, but has pulled her life together (somewhat) by attending college in Maryland.   "... (T)heir safety net came too late, unable to save me from my ancient habits. I continue to disconnect, self-destructing one man at a time, using sex as a brain detox. Sex is and will always be where I find control, a hidden shelter keeping me benign from the cancer that will forever disease the dark, frayed edges of my thoughts. Starting at the age of fourteen, I've abused, loved, craved, and hated sex in ways most people can't fathom. It'd rock their skulls. I've given it away without feeling a morsel of anything for the person on the receiving end and, many times, accepted it from those I knew couldn't stomach me."   Amber is deeply attracted to both Brock and Ryder but Gail McHugh makes it very understandable how their feelings develop, even though Brock and Ryder are best friends:   "Despite my friendship with Brock, Amber's worth a few rounds in the moral boxing ring."   The plot was unexpectedly thrilling, and there was a rawness to this book that I did not expect. The characters were also unexpectedly sympathetic. I had a few minor drawbacks with the story but overall, I felt that Amber to Ashes was a very fresh and surprisingly sexy story that left me wanting more from this author!   "Attraction. Lust. All a lethal but beautiful cocktail that's about to combust, exploding each of us into a state of numbness, a state of healing through what we need. Each other . . ."   (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review.)
486	Khoa	good	Once I got into this book, I was rewarded with a dramatic, VERY sexy story with a fabulous story and memorable characters. There is a little bit of a Colleen Hoover and Jamie McGuire vibe about this book, but it is also very adult on many levels, despite the college setting.   Amber, Brock and Ryder are all very complex characters and their histories makes it easy to understand and empathize with them as they plunge headlong into a steamy and passionate relationship. Amber especially has suffered terribly, but has pulled her life together (somewhat) by attending college in Maryland.   "... (T)heir safety net came too late, unable to save me from my ancient habits. I continue to disconnect, self-destructing one man at a time, using sex as a brain detox. Sex is and will always be where I find control, a hidden shelter keeping me benign from the cancer that will forever disease the dark, frayed edges of my thoughts. Starting at the age of fourteen, I've abused, loved, craved, and hated sex in ways most people can't fathom. It'd rock their skulls. I've given it away without feeling a morsel of anything for the person on the receiving end and, many times, accepted it from those I knew couldn't stomach me."   Amber is deeply attracted to both Brock and Ryder but Gail McHugh makes it very understandable how their feelings develop, even though Brock and Ryder are best friends:   "Despite my friendship with Brock, Amber's worth a few rounds in the moral boxing ring."   The plot was unexpectedly thrilling, and there was a rawness to this book that I did not expect. The characters were also unexpectedly sympathetic. I had a few minor drawbacks with the story but overall, I felt that Amber to Ashes was a very fresh and surprisingly sexy story that left me wanting more from this author!   "Attraction. Lust. All a lethal but beautiful cocktail that's about to combust, exploding each of us into a state of numbness, a state of healing through what we need. Each other . . ."   (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review.)
487	Lan	good	Oh. My. God. What took me so long to read these books? LOVE this series!   Remember When 2 takes place almost a decade after high school and everyone has gone their own way. Layla is a journalist and finds herself in a position to interview Trip, who has gone on to become a major Hollywood star. She has never forgotten Trip but assumes he has moved on with his life. In fact, she is engaged to a seemingly perfect guy.   "Trip Wilmington had been a gorgeous teenaged boy, no question. But Trip Wiley was a gorgeous young man exuding raw, unabashed sex at every turn."   Even though so much time has passed, Trip and Layla pick up their easy friendship right away. They have a lot of shared history together and Trip feels comfortable in Layla's presence. Their undeniable physical attraction is there, too, but will it be enough for both of them to face the truth about their feelings for each other?   The author kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time I was reading this book. Would Layla and Trip get a chance to correct their past actions? This is an absolutely amazing, witty and emotional book and I don't want to give away any of the spectacular plot here. Suffice it to say my heart stopped a few times while reading, and I am not sure I can recover from the serious book hangover! This series has become one of my all-time favorites. Read it so you can fall in love with Trip and Layla, too!
487	Khoa	good	Oh. My. God. What took me so long to read these books? LOVE this series!   Remember When 2 takes place almost a decade after high school and everyone has gone their own way. Layla is a journalist and finds herself in a position to interview Trip, who has gone on to become a major Hollywood star. She has never forgotten Trip but assumes he has moved on with his life. In fact, she is engaged to a seemingly perfect guy.   "Trip Wilmington had been a gorgeous teenaged boy, no question. But Trip Wiley was a gorgeous young man exuding raw, unabashed sex at every turn."   Even though so much time has passed, Trip and Layla pick up their easy friendship right away. They have a lot of shared history together and Trip feels comfortable in Layla's presence. Their undeniable physical attraction is there, too, but will it be enough for both of them to face the truth about their feelings for each other?   The author kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time I was reading this book. Would Layla and Trip get a chance to correct their past actions? This is an absolutely amazing, witty and emotional book and I don't want to give away any of the spectacular plot here. Suffice it to say my heart stopped a few times while reading, and I am not sure I can recover from the serious book hangover! This series has become one of my all-time favorites. Read it so you can fall in love with Trip and Layla, too!
488	Lan	average	Can you ever recapture the thrill of your first love? T. Torrest has gifted us readers with a nostalgic, sweet, sexy and emotional story about two high schoolers trying to navigate the treacherous waters of first love. More than anything, Trip and Layla are great friends, but both are too young and perhaps inexperienced to move things forward in the romance department.   Trip has become one of my favorite book boyfriends. He is sweet, gorgeous, a little insecure and a little damaged. I absolutely devoured this nostalgic story about small-town life and loved all the swoon-worthy moments in this book. Trip is the new kid in school and Layla quickly befriends him. But she falls for him, and isn't sure of his feelings for her. The story takes place during senior year of high school so everyone is getting ready to go their own way, which adds to the overall poignant atmosphere of the story.   Remember When is a rich, funny, witty and beautiful look back at the feelings of our first true love. It is fast paced and filled with memorable characters. The final chapters of this book might contain one of my favorite scenes ever in a book. I am still thinking about it. I can't properly explain all the feelings that the author evoked in me while reading this book, but thank goodness I could start Book 2 immediately after finishing! I did not want to leave Trip and Layla and you won't either. One of my top books so far this year.
488	Khoa	average	Can you ever recapture the thrill of your first love? T. Torrest has gifted us readers with a nostalgic, sweet, sexy and emotional story about two high schoolers trying to navigate the treacherous waters of first love. More than anything, Trip and Layla are great friends, but both are too young and perhaps inexperienced to move things forward in the romance department.   Trip has become one of my favorite book boyfriends. He is sweet, gorgeous, a little insecure and a little damaged. I absolutely devoured this nostalgic story about small-town life and loved all the swoon-worthy moments in this book. Trip is the new kid in school and Layla quickly befriends him. But she falls for him, and isn't sure of his feelings for her. The story takes place during senior year of high school so everyone is getting ready to go their own way, which adds to the overall poignant atmosphere of the story.   Remember When is a rich, funny, witty and beautiful look back at the feelings of our first true love. It is fast paced and filled with memorable characters. The final chapters of this book might contain one of my favorite scenes ever in a book. I am still thinking about it. I can't properly explain all the feelings that the author evoked in me while reading this book, but thank goodness I could start Book 2 immediately after finishing! I did not want to leave Trip and Layla and you won't either. One of my top books so far this year.
489	Lan	average	5+++ stars!!!   I cannot get enough of Pam Godwin's books. Deliver is another deliciously dark and sexy book, which will sicken, stun, surprise and arouse you.   I could not put this book down. Forget what you think will happen in this book, because the author will totally surprise you with the characters and the plot. No one is all bad, and no one is all good. Yes, I even felt a little sympathy for Van, in all his f****d-up glory. Deliver is a perfectly written, dark thriller, with everything I love in a book: emotionally-connected characters, an incredibly twisted storyline, and scorching hot sex scenes.   Deliver is a must-read for fans of dark romance. I did not want this book to end, and I can't wait to read more from Ms. Godwin!!   (Copy provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
489	Khoa	average	5+++ stars!!!   I cannot get enough of Pam Godwin's books. Deliver is another deliciously dark and sexy book, which will sicken, stun, surprise and arouse you.   I could not put this book down. Forget what you think will happen in this book, because the author will totally surprise you with the characters and the plot. No one is all bad, and no one is all good. Yes, I even felt a little sympathy for Van, in all his f****d-up glory. Deliver is a perfectly written, dark thriller, with everything I love in a book: emotionally-connected characters, an incredibly twisted storyline, and scorching hot sex scenes.   Deliver is a must-read for fans of dark romance. I did not want this book to end, and I can't wait to read more from Ms. Godwin!!   (Copy provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
490	Lan	good	4.5 stars!! The Bellas' joint review:   Cathy: I really liked this story about Jackson and Serenity! I felt sympathy for Serenity because of the situation she was forced into by Hogan, at the same time I was mad at her for doing what she was to the MC. I really loved Jackson. He's kind and helpful underneath the rough exterior. He really wants to help Serenity sort her shit out. It doesn't   hurt that that he is hot as hell and the sex is great. Knights' Sinner is a great, quick read.   Ellen: Once again, Bella delivers a super-hot, sexy story with characters you can sympathize with. I loved Serenity and the chemistry between Jackson and her is amazing. There are some super-steamy scenes between them, I loved Jackson because he is a little older and really knows what he wants. The age difference between Jackson and Serenity keeps things interesting. The story has just enough tension and drama to keep this a page-turner, there is some violence but the sex is HOT HOT HOT. And although I am sad that this is the last book in this series, Muff will be getting a novella! I can only hope it will be as hot as the MC Sinners' books!
490	Khoa	average	4.5 stars!! The Bellas' joint review:   Cathy: I really liked this story about Jackson and Serenity! I felt sympathy for Serenity because of the situation she was forced into by Hogan, at the same time I was mad at her for doing what she was to the MC. I really loved Jackson. He's kind and helpful underneath the rough exterior. He really wants to help Serenity sort her shit out. It doesn't   hurt that that he is hot as hell and the sex is great. Knights' Sinner is a great, quick read.   Ellen: Once again, Bella delivers a super-hot, sexy story with characters you can sympathize with. I loved Serenity and the chemistry between Jackson and her is amazing. There are some super-steamy scenes between them, I loved Jackson because he is a little older and really knows what he wants. The age difference between Jackson and Serenity keeps things interesting. The story has just enough tension and drama to keep this a page-turner, there is some violence but the sex is HOT HOT HOT. And although I am sad that this is the last book in this series, Muff will be getting a novella! I can only hope it will be as hot as the MC Sinners' books!
491	Lan	average	Calling all romance junkies, Torn is for you! This book wraps up the incredibly sexy, complicated and intense story between River, Dahlia and Ben that began in Connected. I could not imagine where these characters' story would end up after the shocker at the end of Connected, but Ms. Karr has given us an incredibly satisfying conclusion, along with a ton of emotion, sex, angst, betrayal and plot twists!   Dahlia and River's relationship is threatened by the shocking reappearance of Ben...River is jealous and angry...Dahlia is confused and insecure in her relationship with River...and Ben wants Dahlia back. River and Dahlia have a seemingly loving and beautiful relationship, but will their devotion to each other survive all the obstacles thrown in their path? Although I felt a little sorry for Ben throughout the story, I was thrilled at the conclusion to these characters' stories, and completely shocked by the very surprising revelations about several main characters near the end of the story.   There is lots of romance and sex in Torn, to balance out all the emotion and drama! I really love the author's writing style. Plus I was thrilled to learn that there will be more books in this series about characters from Connected and Torn. I'm definitely looking forward to reading their stories!
491	Khoa	average	Calling all romance junkies, Torn is for you! This book wraps up the incredibly sexy, complicated and intense story between River, Dahlia and Ben that began in Connected. I could not imagine where these characters' story would end up after the shocker at the end of Connected, but Ms. Karr has given us an incredibly satisfying conclusion, along with a ton of emotion, sex, angst, betrayal and plot twists!   Dahlia and River's relationship is threatened by the shocking reappearance of Ben...River is jealous and angry...Dahlia is confused and insecure in her relationship with River...and Ben wants Dahlia back. River and Dahlia have a seemingly loving and beautiful relationship, but will their devotion to each other survive all the obstacles thrown in their path? Although I felt a little sorry for Ben throughout the story, I was thrilled at the conclusion to these characters' stories, and completely shocked by the very surprising revelations about several main characters near the end of the story.   There is lots of romance and sex in Torn, to balance out all the emotion and drama! I really love the author's writing style. Plus I was thrilled to learn that there will be more books in this series about characters from Connected and Torn. I'm definitely looking forward to reading their stories!
492	Lan	average	This was the first book I have read by this author and although this is the third book in a series, you can definitely read this book as a standalone. I loved Adam and Mia. He is a tough-talking, Alpha cop and she is a beautiful redhead who doesn't take BS from anyone. I loved Adam and Mia's near-constant fighting almost as much as I loved their incredibly hot sex scenes. These two can't stay away from each other even though they drive each other crazy when they're together. The book is told in a series of alternating POV's which I loved. Adam and Mia married young, and suffered through an incredibly painful tragedy. A series of unfortunate misunderstandings leads to their breaking up, but they never stopped loving each other. At times during the story, I found Mia's behavior to be absolutely infuriating but I really grew to love her about half-way through the book! And Adam is amazing! All he wants to do is provide a home for Mia. He is a really good guy but he always says the wrong thing.   There is an exciting storyline and a very satisfying epilogue to Adam and Mia's story. Sometimes, you need a break from all the wealthy billionaire/innocent heroine love stories with a story about two very down-to-earth and relatable characters and this is the perfect antidote. I am going to read the first two books in this series and I am looking forward to more stories from this author!   **An ARC was provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.**
492	Khoa	average	This was the first book I have read by this author and although this is the third book in a series, you can definitely read this book as a standalone. I loved Adam and Mia. He is a tough-talking, Alpha cop and she is a beautiful redhead who doesn't take BS from anyone. I loved Adam and Mia's near-constant fighting almost as much as I loved their incredibly hot sex scenes. These two can't stay away from each other even though they drive each other crazy when they're together. The book is told in a series of alternating POV's which I loved. Adam and Mia married young, and suffered through an incredibly painful tragedy. A series of unfortunate misunderstandings leads to their breaking up, but they never stopped loving each other. At times during the story, I found Mia's behavior to be absolutely infuriating but I really grew to love her about half-way through the book! And Adam is amazing! All he wants to do is provide a home for Mia. He is a really good guy but he always says the wrong thing.   There is an exciting storyline and a very satisfying epilogue to Adam and Mia's story. Sometimes, you need a break from all the wealthy billionaire/innocent heroine love stories with a story about two very down-to-earth and relatable characters and this is the perfect antidote. I am going to read the first two books in this series and I am looking forward to more stories from this author!   **An ARC was provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.**
493	Lan	average	Her is a sweet, romantic story with just the right amount of steam. I love alternate POV's and the author does a great job in giving us Will's version of his and Sarah's story. The male POV and the sexy scenes keep this story from being too sweet or sentimental. Carey Heywood is a very talented writer and really brings these characters to life. Will is totally swoon-worthy and is fantastic book boyfriend material! He is sooo romantic! Overall a lovely, romantic story with some hot scenes and just the right touch of emotion!
493	Khoa	average	Her is a sweet, romantic story with just the right amount of steam. I love alternate POV's and the author does a great job in giving us Will's version of his and Sarah's story. The male POV and the sexy scenes keep this story from being too sweet or sentimental. Carey Heywood is a very talented writer and really brings these characters to life. Will is totally swoon-worthy and is fantastic book boyfriend material! He is sooo romantic! Overall a lovely, romantic story with some hot scenes and just the right touch of emotion!
494	Lan	average	My first thoughts when I finished were, "WTF did I just read?? Speechless. Amazing story!!" I loved this book. It drew me in, kept me enthralled until the end, and made me fall in love with Twitch. I cared about the characters and loved the supporting cast as well. The author is incredibly inventive and I found the plot to be very exciting and the sex thrilling. Did I mention that I absolutely love Twitch? I would love more, more, more about Twitch and Lexi but I understand the next book might be about Julius. This book will definitely be on my top books for 2014. A must-read.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
494	Khoa	average	My first thoughts when I finished were, "WTF did I just read?? Speechless. Amazing story!!" I loved this book. It drew me in, kept me enthralled until the end, and made me fall in love with Twitch. I cared about the characters and loved the supporting cast as well. The author is incredibly inventive and I found the plot to be very exciting and the sex thrilling. Did I mention that I absolutely love Twitch? I would love more, more, more about Twitch and Lexi but I understand the next book might be about Julius. This book will definitely be on my top books for 2014. A must-read.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
495	Lan	good	4.5 stars, loved it! Surprisingly funny, thrilling, and sexy. Do not shy away from Good because of the student-teacher storyline! This book is filled with plenty of funny and witty moments to go along with the dramatic, emotional and very sexy scenes. The book is an emotional roller-coaster but the author wisely lightens up the drama with just enough light-hearted moments to make this one very enjoyable and read-in-one-sitting book.   Cadence is a high school student who made one pretty bad mistake one night. She is sent to juvenile detention, and when she returns to high school, she is horribly bullied and becomes a total outcast. Her parents are in complete denial about her situation at school, adding to her desperation and loneliness. The only bright spot (well, two, more about that in a minute) is her smart, kind and oh-so-sexy teacher, Mark Connelly. He recognizes the torture Cadence is suffering through at school and befriends her. He finds her beautiful, funny, smart and sensitive beneath the tough-girl attitude she tries to adopt at school.   The other bright spot in Cadence's life (and in the book) is her friend Avery, a sarcastic, funny and very smart girl who helps Cadence through some of her toughest moments. I loved Avery! And the teenage-girl banter between Cadence and Avery is hilarious, sad, dirty and sweet, all at the same time.   Back to Mr. Connelly. I loved him. The forbidden aspect of their relationship only made it more thrilling (and poignant) for me. Adding to the age difference, Cadence comes from a strict Christian home and she constantly battles with what she has been taught. Is she a bad person? No. Is Mark a bad person? Absolutely not! I absolutely loved both characters, loved reading about their internal struggles and loved their beautiful and tender love scenes together. Sexy, thrilling, funny and emotional, you get it all with Good. Don't miss it. And yes, there will be more in this series, and I cannot wait!
495	Khoa	good	4.5 stars, loved it! Surprisingly funny, thrilling, and sexy. Do not shy away from Good because of the student-teacher storyline! This book is filled with plenty of funny and witty moments to go along with the dramatic, emotional and very sexy scenes. The book is an emotional roller-coaster but the author wisely lightens up the drama with just enough light-hearted moments to make this one very enjoyable and read-in-one-sitting book.   Cadence is a high school student who made one pretty bad mistake one night. She is sent to juvenile detention, and when she returns to high school, she is horribly bullied and becomes a total outcast. Her parents are in complete denial about her situation at school, adding to her desperation and loneliness. The only bright spot (well, two, more about that in a minute) is her smart, kind and oh-so-sexy teacher, Mark Connelly. He recognizes the torture Cadence is suffering through at school and befriends her. He finds her beautiful, funny, smart and sensitive beneath the tough-girl attitude she tries to adopt at school.   The other bright spot in Cadence's life (and in the book) is her friend Avery, a sarcastic, funny and very smart girl who helps Cadence through some of her toughest moments. I loved Avery! And the teenage-girl banter between Cadence and Avery is hilarious, sad, dirty and sweet, all at the same time.   Back to Mr. Connelly. I loved him. The forbidden aspect of their relationship only made it more thrilling (and poignant) for me. Adding to the age difference, Cadence comes from a strict Christian home and she constantly battles with what she has been taught. Is she a bad person? No. Is Mark a bad person? Absolutely not! I absolutely loved both characters, loved reading about their internal struggles and loved their beautiful and tender love scenes together. Sexy, thrilling, funny and emotional, you get it all with Good. Don't miss it. And yes, there will be more in this series, and I cannot wait!
496	Lan	good	4.5 stars! Man of My Dreams is a sweet, emotional, sexy and beautiful story! This book has a lot of heart. Faith Andrews drew me me into Mia's story from the very beginning, grabbed my heart, and didn't let go until the last page. To call this a second-chance love story doesn't really do this wonderful book justice. Mia and Declan married very young, had children right away and got caught up in the same problems many married couples face: he works very long hours, she feels under-appreciated and unattractive, he is a little resentful, their young children demand a lot of energy and attention, etc. etc. Declan is a gorgeous, sensitive, smart and loving husband but Mia always dreams about the "what-ifs" with her high school crush, Noah.   Is the grass always greener on the other side? You will have to read Man of My Dreams to find out. There are no bad people in this book! Mia, Declan and Noah are all good, loving characters who find themselves a little weighed down by the ordinary problems of life. The author has written some wonderful characters here, and I absolutely loved both Declan and Noah. I was thrilled at the conclusion of this book. I don't want to give any spoilers away because the author really kept me breathlessly guessing up until the very end where this story would go!   Man of My Dreams is a very well-written, touching and fast paced debut story and I am looking forward to more books from Ms. Andrews!   (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review)
496	Khoa	good	4.5 stars! Man of My Dreams is a sweet, emotional, sexy and beautiful story! This book has a lot of heart. Faith Andrews drew me me into Mia's story from the very beginning, grabbed my heart, and didn't let go until the last page. To call this a second-chance love story doesn't really do this wonderful book justice. Mia and Declan married very young, had children right away and got caught up in the same problems many married couples face: he works very long hours, she feels under-appreciated and unattractive, he is a little resentful, their young children demand a lot of energy and attention, etc. etc. Declan is a gorgeous, sensitive, smart and loving husband but Mia always dreams about the "what-ifs" with her high school crush, Noah.   Is the grass always greener on the other side? You will have to read Man of My Dreams to find out. There are no bad people in this book! Mia, Declan and Noah are all good, loving characters who find themselves a little weighed down by the ordinary problems of life. The author has written some wonderful characters here, and I absolutely loved both Declan and Noah. I was thrilled at the conclusion of this book. I don't want to give any spoilers away because the author really kept me breathlessly guessing up until the very end where this story would go!   Man of My Dreams is a very well-written, touching and fast paced debut story and I am looking forward to more books from Ms. Andrews!   (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review)
497	Lan	average	Beat of the Heart is Book Two in the Runaway Train series and is a hot, sweet, entertaining and romantic book. AJ is the Latino drummer that we met in Book One. The ladies fall all over him but he is searching for something more meaningful. A chance meeting with nurse Mia might be just the cure for him. We are treated to lots of hot sexy times with AJ and Mia but will she let down her guard and let him in to her heart?   Mia is introduced to AJ's rock musician lifestyle and wonders if she can deal with his crazy lifestyle, even though she really does begin to develop deep feelings for him. I love books with a dual POV so this was a big plus for me. I also liked the fact that Mia is pretty much an average working woman and yet AJ sees her as beautiful, desirable and sexy.   Beat of the Heart is a fairly light, erotic and well written book. Ms. Ashley's writing style flows well and I cared about the characters. If you want a break from a heavy, angsty book, then Beat of the Heart is for you. Enjoy!   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
497	Khoa	average	Beat of the Heart is Book Two in the Runaway Train series and is a hot, sweet, entertaining and romantic book. AJ is the Latino drummer that we met in Book One. The ladies fall all over him but he is searching for something more meaningful. A chance meeting with nurse Mia might be just the cure for him. We are treated to lots of hot sexy times with AJ and Mia but will she let down her guard and let him in to her heart?   Mia is introduced to AJ's rock musician lifestyle and wonders if she can deal with his crazy lifestyle, even though she really does begin to develop deep feelings for him. I love books with a dual POV so this was a big plus for me. I also liked the fact that Mia is pretty much an average working woman and yet AJ sees her as beautiful, desirable and sexy.   Beat of the Heart is a fairly light, erotic and well written book. Ms. Ashley's writing style flows well and I cared about the characters. If you want a break from a heavy, angsty book, then Beat of the Heart is for you. Enjoy!   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
498	Lan	good	I read Freeing Asia and am a big fan of E.M. Abel's writing. She writes real new adult characters, who are not perfect by any means and who are all looking to find themselves a little bit. There are connected characters in Breaking Shaun, but you absolutely can read this book without having read Freeing Asia (although I totally recommend it because it's awesome) Breaking Shaun tells the story of Natalie and Shaun, Asia's brother. He is a hot and sexy, gorgeous surfer, a total manwhore who is unapologetic in his behavior but in his defense, completely honest and open with the girls that he sleeps with. Full disclosure. but it doesn't make for any less drama on the part of the girls he leaves behind. He is NOT interested in any kind of lasting relationship at all.   Shaun then meets his match in the smart and sexy Natalie. She has moved to town to get a fresh start and starts work as a bartender. She, too, doesn't believe in true love and uses guys for sex. Perfect match for Shaun, right? Natalie has her reasons for this behavior which we find out later in the story.   Shaun and Natalie's group of friends like to party so there is lots and lots of wild nights out drinking and smoking pot. Shaun and Natalie start off as good friends and move towards a deeper relationship when they have the most mind-blowing sex of their lives. And Ms. Abel can write some SOMKING hot sex scenes! What I loved about the sexy times is that they are actually infused with some pretty deep feelings, despite what Shaun and Natalie might say about wanting to remain unattached.   As Natalie asserts:   "Women like me don't fall for men like you. We don't come when you call, we don't beg for your attention and we don't confuse sex with love. Women like me, break men like you"   Natalie and Shaun really do build a solid, caring friendship, and they both try to make the other a better person. Natalie encourages Shaun to move forward with this surfboard designs and Shaun encourages her to return to school to pursue her passion, photography. I absolutely love the beach-y setting of Breaking Shaun and the glimpses into the world of surfing. This is another warm, very sexy, well-written story with lots of heart. There is lots of partying but there is also a great story and strong characters. I love this author and hope there will be more books in this series!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
498	Khoa	good	I read Freeing Asia and am a big fan of E.M. Abel's writing. She writes real new adult characters, who are not perfect by any means and who are all looking to find themselves a little bit. There are connected characters in Breaking Shaun, but you absolutely can read this book without having read Freeing Asia (although I totally recommend it because it's awesome) Breaking Shaun tells the story of Natalie and Shaun, Asia's brother. He is a hot and sexy, gorgeous surfer, a total manwhore who is unapologetic in his behavior but in his defense, completely honest and open with the girls that he sleeps with. Full disclosure. but it doesn't make for any less drama on the part of the girls he leaves behind. He is NOT interested in any kind of lasting relationship at all.   Shaun then meets his match in the smart and sexy Natalie. She has moved to town to get a fresh start and starts work as a bartender. She, too, doesn't believe in true love and uses guys for sex. Perfect match for Shaun, right? Natalie has her reasons for this behavior which we find out later in the story.   Shaun and Natalie's group of friends like to party so there is lots and lots of wild nights out drinking and smoking pot. Shaun and Natalie start off as good friends and move towards a deeper relationship when they have the most mind-blowing sex of their lives. And Ms. Abel can write some SOMKING hot sex scenes! What I loved about the sexy times is that they are actually infused with some pretty deep feelings, despite what Shaun and Natalie might say about wanting to remain unattached.   As Natalie asserts:   "Women like me don't fall for men like you. We don't come when you call, we don't beg for your attention and we don't confuse sex with love. Women like me, break men like you"   Natalie and Shaun really do build a solid, caring friendship, and they both try to make the other a better person. Natalie encourages Shaun to move forward with this surfboard designs and Shaun encourages her to return to school to pursue her passion, photography. I absolutely love the beach-y setting of Breaking Shaun and the glimpses into the world of surfing. This is another warm, very sexy, well-written story with lots of heart. There is lots of partying but there is also a great story and strong characters. I love this author and hope there will be more books in this series!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
499	Lan	average	4 1/2 stars!! Freeing Asia was one of those books that started off in one place and then completely changed course and took me in a whole other direction. This was a completely refreshing and surprising book that is a total gem and a wonderful read.   It's hard to believe this is the first book by this author.   Asia grew up the only girl in a house full of boys, an artist who is afraid to explore her talent and be herself. While living her somewhat lonely life, she meets the gorgeous, sexy and wealthy Jay, which is where I thought, "Uh oh, not this story line again." Well, I was dead wrong! Freeing Asia is about so much more, it is about being yourself, not being afraid to love, and not changing to be what other people want you to be.   Jay is driven, smart, handsome, very kind and clearly smitten with Asia. And she with him:   "He had the power to change me and turn me into anything he wanted me to be. And, in this moment, I was willing to be whatever he wanted."   Asia had her heart broken by her first love, Marcus, who is still in her life as her brother's best friend. The author writes so many smexy scenes between Jay and Asia that I was really caught off-guard by where this story went.   "Marcus had been my first. He'd known the real me, and there had been something between us that I could never explain."   I don't want to go into much detail about the plot because it is very creative and filled with a fabulous cast of supporting characters. Freeing Asia is a great story about finding yourself and finding your own self-worth.   "You should be proud of who you are babe, 'cause you are amazing."   Don't worry, there's lots and lots of steam in this book! This is the kind of book that you start reading and don't put down until you're finished. I absolutely felt a deep connection to these characters, and must admit that it was tough to pick between Marcus and Jay! But ultimately this is a book about learning to love yourself before you can let others love you. And for that, the author should be applauded. I LOVED all the characters in Freeing Asia and can't wait for the next book from Ms. Abel!
499	Khoa	good	4 1/2 stars!! Freeing Asia was one of those books that started off in one place and then completely changed course and took me in a whole other direction. This was a completely refreshing and surprising book that is a total gem and a wonderful read.   It's hard to believe this is the first book by this author.   Asia grew up the only girl in a house full of boys, an artist who is afraid to explore her talent and be herself. While living her somewhat lonely life, she meets the gorgeous, sexy and wealthy Jay, which is where I thought, "Uh oh, not this story line again." Well, I was dead wrong! Freeing Asia is about so much more, it is about being yourself, not being afraid to love, and not changing to be what other people want you to be.   Jay is driven, smart, handsome, very kind and clearly smitten with Asia. And she with him:   "He had the power to change me and turn me into anything he wanted me to be. And, in this moment, I was willing to be whatever he wanted."   Asia had her heart broken by her first love, Marcus, who is still in her life as her brother's best friend. The author writes so many smexy scenes between Jay and Asia that I was really caught off-guard by where this story went.   "Marcus had been my first. He'd known the real me, and there had been something between us that I could never explain."   I don't want to go into much detail about the plot because it is very creative and filled with a fabulous cast of supporting characters. Freeing Asia is a great story about finding yourself and finding your own self-worth.   "You should be proud of who you are babe, 'cause you are amazing."   Don't worry, there's lots and lots of steam in this book! This is the kind of book that you start reading and don't put down until you're finished. I absolutely felt a deep connection to these characters, and must admit that it was tough to pick between Marcus and Jay! But ultimately this is a book about learning to love yourself before you can let others love you. And for that, the author should be applauded. I LOVED all the characters in Freeing Asia and can't wait for the next book from Ms. Abel!
500	Lan	average	Sometimes a book comes along that grabs you from the first page and doesn't let you go. Making faces is one of those books. Perfectly written, emotional and tragic, but funny and beautiful all at once. Just like life. Amy Harmon has a gift for storytelling and character development and has created a book that will stay with you long after you finish. This book is a must-read, your life will be all the richer for reading it.   Fern has been the plain girl for most of her life, the quiet kind of girl who fades into the background. She has an incredibly close bond with her cousin, and with him and Ambrose, form the heart of this story.   Fern, Ambrose and Bailey all attended high school together and Fern loved Amborse from afar. Ambrose was the star wrestler and had his pick of the prettiest girls. The way Amy Harmon writes about high school was incredibly funny and painful at the same time. But then after graduation, Ambrose leaves for Iraq and returns a very changed man.   "Sometimes you can't take your life back. Sometimes it's dead and buried and you can only make a new life. Ambrose didn't know what that life would look like."   For the first time, he really gets to know Fern and sees her true inner beauty. But Fern is still incredibly insecure about her outward appearance, and is desperate to have Ambrose really desire her as a beautiful woman.   "But I would really like it if, for once, I could be beautiful on the outside."   The journey these characters take is unforgettable. Do not miss Making Faces. Amy Harmon's incredible story is ultimately uplifting, beautiful and hopeful. Do not miss this book!
500	Khoa	good	Sometimes a book comes along that grabs you from the first page and doesn't let you go. Making faces is one of those books. Perfectly written, emotional and tragic, but funny and beautiful all at once. Just like life. Amy Harmon has a gift for storytelling and character development and has created a book that will stay with you long after you finish. This book is a must-read, your life will be all the richer for reading it.   Fern has been the plain girl for most of her life, the quiet kind of girl who fades into the background. She has an incredibly close bond with her cousin, and with him and Ambrose, form the heart of this story.   Fern, Ambrose and Bailey all attended high school together and Fern loved Amborse from afar. Ambrose was the star wrestler and had his pick of the prettiest girls. The way Amy Harmon writes about high school was incredibly funny and painful at the same time. But then after graduation, Ambrose leaves for Iraq and returns a very changed man.   "Sometimes you can't take your life back. Sometimes it's dead and buried and you can only make a new life. Ambrose didn't know what that life would look like."   For the first time, he really gets to know Fern and sees her true inner beauty. But Fern is still incredibly insecure about her outward appearance, and is desperate to have Ambrose really desire her as a beautiful woman.   "But I would really like it if, for once, I could be beautiful on the outside."   The journey these characters take is unforgettable. Do not miss Making Faces. Amy Harmon's incredible story is ultimately uplifting, beautiful and hopeful. Do not miss this book!