362	adjudicated	average	Dark. Sexxxxxy. Incredibly hypnotic. Jethro is complex, dangerous and absolutely irresistible! Pepper Winters has woven a tale of deception, lust, danger and thrills, and the story keeps getting better and better. If you like getting lost in a book, I can't think of a better series than this one. These characters have totally gotten under my skin and I won't soon forget them. An absolute must-read!
74	adjudicated	poor	I know this book is supposed to be evil as its horribly inaccurate, but I had a lot of fun reading it, so I'm still giving it 4 stars. (sorry jacques)
375	adjudicated	average	4.5 scorching hot stars!!   This was my first book by Nalini Singh and it is a passionate, emotional, sexy and fulfilling story. I loved this book! The writing is incredibly sexy, beginning right from almost the first page when sexy-as-hell rock god Fox meets the shy librarian Molly at a party. It might sound cliched but the story is so well written, and the characters so well-developed, that I was drawn in immediately.   Molly has her reasons for staying out of the spotlight so a good part of the book is spent with her anquishing over stepping into the public arena with a world-famous musician. But she is powerless to resist Fox, a man who knows what he wants and goes after it. This book is fast-paced and takes the reader around the globe to New Zealand, Australia and California. And the supporting characters are fantastic, from Molly's best friend Charlotte to all of the other band members. Can't wait to read more about all these characters.   This was a wonderful story and the sex is incredibly HOT!! The book also created the oh-so-important emotional connection between the main characters. I also absolutely fell in love with Fox! This story is a must-read and is a great begninning to a new series. Highly recommended to all fans of contemporary romance.
156	adjudicated	good	"3.5 - 4 Stars   Written in an unusually quirky style, Professed is a student/teacher romance about Ben, a college professor and 20-year-old Naomi. I will admit that it took me some time to get into this story, but once I did, I was engrossed in this very hot and at times very funny taboo romance.   First, heed the warnings about this book and be aware that this story is VERY explicit! Ben and Naomi meet at a secret masked ball and immediately begin a passionate affair. Dr. Ben Beck is a philosophy professor who has written a book and has been invited to join the faculty at Yale. He has always questioned the existence of love and now ironically, now finds himself head over heels in love with the smart and beautiful Naomi.   Once they become aware that Naomi is Ben's student, they are acutely aware of the risks they are taking. Naomi could lose her place at Yale andBen could lose his position on the faculty, at the very least. But this is actually a very fast-paced book and the author's brisk writing style and sense of humor make this a very readable story.   ""Forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.""   There are lots of things I loved about this book and some, not so much. I loved reading about Naomi's background and her family: she was raised by her father, a lobsterman in a New England town and she struggles to pay her way through college and to fit in at Yale. I would have loved to read more about Ben's background! The book is told in alternating POV's and the humor and brisk writing style lightens up the very explicit scenes.   Naomi's character was unusually mature for her age. Although I did not have an issue with the age gap, I was not totally convinced what a 38-year-old would find so alluring and compelling about a college junior. I would have also loved to have known more about the ""secret society"" masked ball where Naomi and Ben first met.   I loved Naomi's best friend Lucy and I know her story will be hilarious! This is certainly not your average student-teacher forbidden romance and for that, I applaud the author. Overall, Professed is a very sexy, very enjoyable and promising debut story.   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review."
105	adjudicated	average	"You smile like the devil, Mona said.   ""The devil doesn't smile,"" he said. ""The devil smirks.""   STUNNING!! Ms. Reisz proves once again she is the Queen of erotica. The story and characters are all richly drawn and unforgettable. Mona Lisa St. James made a promise to her mother that she would do anything at all to save their art gallery. But the gallery is in financial trouble and she must sell it. And soon.   But then a handsome Englishman arrives and makes her an irresistible offer. He will save her gallery. But she must agree to be his for one year.   ""You were meant to do this,"" he said softly. ""You'll see.""   ""Why me?"" she asked. ""Millions of women in this country, millions in yours...why me?""   ""Millions of paintings in this world. Only one Mona Lisa. Billions of women in this world. Only one you, Mona Lisa St. James.""   And so begins the most erotic and sensual adventures Mona has ever had. A sexual awakening of sorts, Mona and the mysterious Malcolm shares his most erotic and depraved fantasies. Yet each and every encounter is sexy and beautiful and simply stunning!! Malcolm is judgement-free and slowly begins to understand her true nature and what life has in store for her.   I can't even begin to describe how incredibly sensual and hot the scenes between Mona and Malcolm are. Each of their encounters is a wild and delightful fantasy, interwoven with mythology, history and lush eroticism.   ""Is this all a dream?"" That's the only thing that makes any sense.   ""You aren't dreaming,"" he said, and she knew that was true. She was awake and had been every time they had met. ""But if you were a dream, would you want to wake up?"" he asked.   A good question. A fair question. A hard question, but one she answered easily.   ""Never.""   I absolutely loved the conclusion to this gorgeous story. It was surprising and thrilling and completely satisfying! I fell in love with the rakish Malcolm. This book is unlike anything I've ever read. Tiffany Reisz writes with sensuality and skill. 'The Red' is a must-read for all erotic romance lovers!!   ""Do anything you must, but keep me forever.""   (With many thanks to the author for a review copy.)"
395	adjudicated	good	"If you kiss like that when you're not into it, I'd love to see how you kiss when you are.   LOVE Nix!! I read a lot of biker books so I was totally surprised when I finished Incandescent and loved it! Kadence is a schoolteacher and never expects to fall for the oh-so-hot Nix who is the parent of one of her students. He is a bad-ass biker with a heart of gold, trying his best to parent his son Z with a no-good ex-wife who is always causing problems.   Kadence has dealt with a lot of past pain (both physical and emotional) and the last thing she expects is to fall for Nix. But the man is persistent and can't stay away from the sexy teacher.   ""I haven't been able to get you out of my mind, woman. Your attitude, your body, from the moment I had you on the back of my bike, I knew I was in trouble. You feel it too, Kadence. I know you do. Stop denyin' it.""   These two have tons of chemistry but there are some obstacles in their way. For one thing, Nix is the parent of Kadence's student, and the school has a no-dating policy between parents and teachers. Add to that one crazy ex-wife, and an even crazier (and more dangerous) ex of Kadence's and you have lots of fast-paced drama and totally HOT sexy times. This book takes dirty-talking to a new level, and River Savage has quite the talent at writing absolutely SIZZLING sex scenes!   This is a fast-paced, hot biker romance with a lot of heart. I loved Kadence and Nix and adored how Nix got Kadence to open up to him.   ""I want this man. Want everything he was doing to me, and then more.""   River Savage is an incredibly talented writer and I look forward to reading the next books in this series!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
378	adjudicated	average	"LOVED IT!!! Refreshingly funny, sweet and sexy!   The Stage Dive series is one of my favorite series and Lead is an absolute delight. Sexy, refreshingly funny and smart, Lead not only features the achingly beautiful Jimmy, it also introduces us to the fabulous Lena, who in my opinion could be every woman's new best friend. Honest, funny and real, Kylie Scott has written a completely relatable heroine who at times broke my heart and other times had me laughing at loud.   Lena knew that Jimmy would be her Achilles heel almost from the get-go when she is hired to be his assistant and sobriety companion.   ""Whatever else he might be, Jimmy Ferris was special and complicated, beautiful and beastly, all rolled into one. A natural-born performer.""   Lena struggles to fit in to the rest of the band dynamics and all the sexy couples of the Stage Dive family. She is tenacious, hilarious and completely turned on and attracted to Jimmy, but the real Jimmy, not the rock-star persona.   ""My heroin was six-foot-one and gorgeous as sin.""   Lena has had her share of heartache, and is afraid that Jimmy will steal her heart away while she is working as his assistant and stomp on it in the process. I absolutely loved how strong Lena was and how she really stayed true to herself and did not try to hide her true feelings for Jimmy. Will these two get their happy ending that they so desperately deserve?   ""Love was truly one of life's mysteries. That it could f@@@ you five ways to Sunday and still remain so utterly perplexing and unknown was kind of impressive. I guess.""   Lead is a fabulous summer read and Kylie Scott is one of my favorite writers. Enjoy Lead, you will fall in love with Jimmy!!   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
125	adjudicated	good	"Mack was the only one for me. There was no way this feeling could ever be replicated...because it had been years in the making.   Penelope Ward is an auto-buy author for me. Hands down, her second-chance romances are among my absolute favorite stories! Her main characters always have tons of heart, soul and chemistry, And humor! And I adore the catchy title of this book.   Mack is devoted to his young son Johan who he enrolled in Frankie's class in Boston. Mack has broken up with his son's mother, with whom he had a long-term relationship. Mack and Frankie were roommates years before, with Frankie losing her heart completely to Mack. But they were not meant to be, and went their separate ways.   Now Mack has shown up, determined to win Frankie back. She is the love of his life. The problem is that she now is living with her current boyfriend, an older, very stable college professor who adores her. What will Frankie do? Told in alternating POV's, we read how Mack and Frankie's love blossomed several years before. They are simply meant to be.   ""Remember all those things you wished I could do to you? I'm about to make all your wishes come true if you let me.""   All the moms in school pursue Mack who is the resident DILF. Penelope Ward is seriously FUNNY and there are some hilarious moments in this book! But at its heart it is a gorgeous second-chance romance as only Ms. Ward can write.   Mack Daddy is SERIOUSLY sexy and sizzling hot. I adored the supporting cast of characters and I fell in love with Mack's son Jonah. I also adored Frankie's boyfriend and felt very sad when she had to make her choice between Mack, the love of her life, and her current boyfriend. Ms. Ward handles this situation with grace and sensitivity. This book is warm and sweet and sexy all at once. Overall a lovely, emotional and sexxxxxy story with lots of heat and heart!!   ""I lost all those years, only to end up in the same place, wanting you and wishing I hadn't ever let you go.""   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
69	adjudicated	poor	A friend of Elizabeth's I met at a party said its a great primer to understanding philosophy...
451	adjudicated	good	4.5 stars!! I absolutely loved this very different Young Adult book from Sara Wolf! It's a smart, funny and very deeply felt story that is completely different and refreshing. Isis Blake might be one of the feistiest heroines I have ever read and she has really met her match in Jack Hunter. These two become engaged in a battle of wits and I couldn't wait to see who would back down first - or who would give in.   These two have plenty of very, very dark secrets to hide, but balancing out the emotional story line is some really funny dialogue and sharp sarcasm. I absolutely love Sara Wolf's writing style! The supporting cast of characters are fantastic and all feel vital to the plot. And, I must mention that the cover of the book is gorgeous! The ending of Lovely Vicious really stunned me and I can't wait for Book #2 in this series.   (Copy provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
10	adjudicated	average	I love Stephenson - and this was another hit - absolutely loved it. The great thing about a good Stephenson book is it makes you think about the future in new ways, and this book was no exception.   It was really two books, and I certainly didn't see the second one coming. It starts out in modern times and then someone blows up the moon. We don't have time to find out who, as within a few years the fragments of the moon cause the worst asteriod shower earth has ever seen and wipe out all life in earth. We have time to send 1,500 people up into space - and this is their story.   The use of robots throughout the books was fascinating to me. Stephenson has clearly looked 10-20 years into our future and correctly predicted how it will go. From robot workers in space, nano-bots, nano-robot weapons, and more - we get a vivid portrayal of how robots might be a part of our future lives.   I thought the focus on use of whip technology in space was interesting. And of course, the whole notion of Cradle was just cool - though not sure about it's feasibility.
195	adjudicated	average	I FINISHED!!! This book took me FOREVER to read! But I am so glad I stuck with it, I really loved it. It took me a while to get into: this book has a TON of characters and storylines. But once I hit about the 100-page mark, I became very invested in the story and couldn't wait to see what would happen with Lizzie, Lane, Edward, Gin and the rest of the family. Oh, and Samuel T. There's a little bit of sex but mostly this is a sweeping romance novel, much like Dynasty and Dallas from the 1980's. If you loved those series, you will love this book. There's betrayal, unrequited love, family fortunes, and much scheming.   There are many characters to love here and many to hate. Some are over-the-top but I loved the central storyline involving Lane and Lizzie.   The author really gets the Southern mannerisms right, and the backdrop of the Kentucky Bourbon industry is fascinating. This book ends not so much on a cliffhanger but with many, many loose ends, and I will eagerly pick up the next book in this series.
407	adjudicated	excellent	"4.5 - 5 UNFORGETTABLE STARS!!   If the mark of a good book is that you can't stop thinking about it, then CORRUPT is a winner. I love dark books but even I was close to not finishing this one due to the darkness and rage that filled the early part of the book. But what a story!!! Dark, sexy, thrilling, action-packed...and filled with twists and turns that took this cynical dark romance reader by surprise.   Let me be clear that if Penelope Douglas wrote a grocery list, I would read it. BULLY is one of my favorite books and her new contemporary romance MISCOUNDUCT is one of the best books I've read this year. So there's my disclaimer!   If you are looking for a gripping, edge-of-your-seat book, then CORRUPT is for you. It is rough, it is scary, it is sexy...but it is ultimately incredibly thrilling and emotionally satisfying. And the sex scene near the end of the book? Holy moly. Kudos to you, Ms. Douglas, you thrilled even this jaded erotica reader.   AS I was reading, I couldn't help but fear for Rika and the dire circumstances she found herself in. But she's an unusual female protagonist in that she literally could give as good as she got, and she never, ever once cowered or allowed herself to be overpowered by the ""Four Horsemen."" I still think about all of these characters weeks after finishing this book. And that to me is what makes a good book great.   CORRUPT is not your average dark romance. It is really a stand-out book. Highly, highly recommended.   FAVORITE QUOTE:   ""Redefine normal. None of us know the full measure of our power until we start pushing our boundaries and pressing our luck, and the more we do, the less we care what others think. The freedom feels too good."""
85	adjudicated	average	"4.5 Addictive Stars!!   ""I'm Easton Royal, superficial and only interested in how to have a good time.   I don't want to look deep into my being and see the bottomless, black, boring pool of nothingness. I want to live in blissful denial.""   I am not a fan of over-the-top drama or crazy plots. So imagine my delight when I read 'Fallen Heir' almost in one sitting! Addictive, funny and fast-paced, this book might be my favorite in the series so far.   Easton Royal is a high school senior at the very exclusive Astor Park Prep. This is a school filled with ultra-rich students complete with trust funds and designer clothes and huge mansions. Easton is a flirt and a partier and sets his sights on the new girl in school, Hartley. They are complete opposites but that is part of the fun of this book. Hartley is not at all interested in bad-boy Easton so he settles for the friend zone.   ""I need to treat her as a friend. A real, give-a-shit-about-each-other, don't-need-to-be-naked-to-care-about-you friend.""   This book should not be read as a standalone because it does contain some spoilers from the earlier books. I am SO glad I stuck with this series because I LOVED Easton's story! He has a good heart and realizes that his partying is getting out of hand, especially as the son of a mother who had severe addiction issues. I fell in love with Easton and my heart broke for him!!   ""I'm the only one here, drinking crap I can't stand because I don't want to spend a minute of my life alone. My head's a bad, bad place.""   I really felt the connection between Easton and Hartley and loved the supporting characters. 'Fallen Heir' is a crisply written and juicy story that is perfect for all fans of contemporary Young Adult books. This book just clicked for me. And I loved how funny Easton was. His humor and satire was just what this story needed.   ""I might be small, but I have the lung capacity of a whale, so if you don't move I'm gonna have to release the oral Kraken until the entire school is in this hallway rescuing me from you.""   I crack up. ""The oral Kraken? That sounds pretty dirty.""   ""I'm thinking everything sounds dirty to you,"" she says dryly.""   This nook ends on a MAJOR cliffhanger which should not be a surprise for fans of this series. WOW!! But never fear, another book is coming in January!! I really enjoyed this book and highly recommend it if you're looking for a very smart and witty Young Adult story.   ""I'm the design flaw in the Royal family, the one who isn't quite like the others, the one who crashes and burns more often than not.""   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)"
372	adjudicated	average	"5 stars!!!   ""I squeezed him tight, because I already had what I wanted. Him. This. Us. Unfortunately, fantasies are for children and I was a grown woman. I should've known it wouldn't last.""   We are HUGE fans of Joanna Wylde's Reapers' Motorcycle Club series and Reaper's Stand might be our favorite book in the series so far! And that's saying a lot because each of these books are fantastic. But Picnic's story is grittier, edgier, meaner...and hello, we love that he is a bit older and has certainly lived a rough life. He has sex with loads of women since the death of his beloved wife, won't be tied down, but then meets London, who is a strong, independent woman. She has lots of burdens to bear and tries to make a go of things with out Picnic's help, but when these two get together...WOW. He's bad-ass, tough, sexy but funny and this story is one you just can't put down.   ""Just let me be strong for you for a minute, okay?"" He said softly. ""You've held on for a long time, sweetheart. Nobody can say you haven't been strong. But it's been a hell of a night, so why don't you let me hold you and help you right now, okay?""   We found this book to be incredibly hot and sexy and much darker than most of the other books in this series. We absolutely loved these two together and Reaper's Stand is one of our favorite MC stories. It is violent but it is also real and the funny moments add some much-needed levity to the tense storyline. And the tease at the end...oh my lord!! The author gives us a peek at the next book in a new series and we cannot WAIT!!   *ARC provided by publisher in exchange for an honest review*"
389	adjudicated	average	"4 beautiful stars!!   ""Why the war paint, Pix?""   ""Because I can't stand the girl underneath,"" she whispered   ""Why the tattoos?"" Lexi asked   ""Because I can't bear seeing the scars of my past.""   Tillie Cole is a very gifted writer and this story is fascinating, heartbreaking, beautiful, funny, tender and wonderfully written. This is not exactly your typical jock-meets-Goth-girl story, it is much richer and more nuanced than that, and I really recommend you give this book a try.   You do not need to have read the other books in the series (I did not but I plan to read them now) to follow Lexi and Austin's story. Austin is the star player on the University of Alabama's football team, and Lexi is part of the cheerleading squad. But he is also a tattooed, former gang member struggling to break free from his past. She, too, has her own painful struggles that are handled with incredible sensitivity and care by Tillie Cole.   There were many times during this book that I was afraid something terrible would happen to Austin or Lexi, and I read the story with my heart pounding. Austin is a beautiful boy inside and out and showed great compassion and caring for others, all hidden beneath his tattooed, tough-guy exterior. Lexi struggles to keep it together, even as all others see is an offbeat but talented cheerleader on a very tough college squad.   Sweet Fall is very much about not judging a book by its cover and not expecting others to conform to your idea of of ""perfect"". Acceptance, of both yourself and of others, is the message I took from this story and I applaud the author for writing about a very difficult and painful subject. I highly recommend Sweet Fall and I can guarantee you will fall in love with Austin Carillo!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
496	adjudicated	good	"4.5 stars! Man of My Dreams is a sweet, emotional, sexy and beautiful story! This book has a lot of heart. Faith Andrews drew me me into Mia's story from the very beginning, grabbed my heart, and didn't let go until the last page. To call this a second-chance love story doesn't really do this wonderful book justice. Mia and Declan married very young, had children right away and got caught up in the same problems many married couples face: he works very long hours, she feels under-appreciated and unattractive, he is a little resentful, their young children demand a lot of energy and attention, etc. etc. Declan is a gorgeous, sensitive, smart and loving husband but Mia always dreams about the ""what-ifs"" with her high school crush, Noah.   Is the grass always greener on the other side? You will have to read Man of My Dreams to find out. There are no bad people in this book! Mia, Declan and Noah are all good, loving characters who find themselves a little weighed down by the ordinary problems of life. The author has written some wonderful characters here, and I absolutely loved both Declan and Noah. I was thrilled at the conclusion of this book. I don't want to give any spoilers away because the author really kept me breathlessly guessing up until the very end where this story would go!   Man of My Dreams is a very well-written, touching and fast paced debut story and I am looking forward to more books from Ms. Andrews!   (ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review)"
31	adjudicated	average	I haven't stayed up until 5am to finish a book in a while - it felt good. This was a great murder-mystery thriller, and more interesting as it's set in Sweden and deals with journalists, corporations, and hackers. Good stuff!
317	adjudicated	good	"4.5 stars!!   This was my first book by Monica Murphy and it was brilliant! It exceeded all expectations and I am anxiously awaiting the next book in this series.   Sexy, adult, erotic, this book has it all. Owning Violet introduces us to three sisters ""born to wealth, raised to succeed, ready to love, destined to make waves."" As the daughters of the scion of a world-famous fragrance company (it brought Estee Lauder to mind), Violet and her sisters are all very different but all intimately entwined with the future of their family's company.   Violet at first seems like a push-over and a doormat, her boyfriend almost openly cheats on her but she looks the other way, all in the name of the company. But I found her to be a compelling character, driven, eager to love and be loved, and above all, very ambitious. This book literally has it all: highly erotic sex scenes, an Alpha male and lots and lots of edge-of-your seat drama.   Ryder is a sexy bad-boy co-worker who rose above his rough past to work in corporate America. Violet may appear to have it all, but she experienced a terrible trauma that is still haunting her to this day. While we might first see her as nothing more than a pawn in a rather sick game between Ryder and Pilar, a scheming woman who wants to bring her down, she is much, much more that that. Violet is no pawn and slowly begins to realize that the sexual relationship she has with Ryder might be much, much more and she must find her inner strength to beat Pilar at her own game.   Owning Violet is an adult, erotic, steamy book and I loved the story and the amazingly intense scenes with her and Ryder. He is hot as hell, damaged, sexy, smart and ambitious. The steam factor was just genius. All in all, I loved this book and can't wait to read more from this author. I recommend this for anyone who loves a sexually-charged, fast-paced storyline with some very memorable characters.   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
409	adjudicated	average	"(Reviewed by Cathy for The Book Bellas) I was really surprised how much I liked this book. From the start, I was having palpitations. You know when you're reading and you're waiting for a disaster to happen? That was me. I empathized with the main character right from the Prologue. This is my kind of book - Louis is 30, wealthy, hot, a womanizer with a really foul mouth. What more can you ask for? Emily is 18 years old and meets Louis while filling in as a waitress for her sister's catering job. She can't keep her eyes off this magnetic man, who has every women salivating for him. She notices that his eyes are following her the entire time. But he just leaves that night without saying a word to her. Her obsession starts from that day. All she does is fantasze about him. Louis hired her sister's company for more parties. She find out it's him and signs up to work the jobs. Louis approaches her and lets her know how he can't stop thinking about her, and how much he wants her. They go out for coffee and dinner but he is so cocky that she sets him straight, and from there on he switches because he realizes just because she's young, she's not a push over. Their obsession for each grows, they can't be without each other. They are consumed with one another. She lives for only him. He changes his lifestyle for her, stops sleeping around and breaks up the the ""boys"", his best friends.   Will his past interfere, and her insecurities doom them?   The sex scenes were great. I was so hot the entire read! The ending felt a little forced but all in all Love in Rewind is really worth reading. I have recommended it to all my friends! I give it a 4 - 4.5 stars."
491	adjudicated	average	Calling all romance junkies, Torn is for you! This book wraps up the incredibly sexy, complicated and intense story between River, Dahlia and Ben that began in Connected. I could not imagine where these characters' story would end up after the shocker at the end of Connected, but Ms. Karr has given us an incredibly satisfying conclusion, along with a ton of emotion, sex, angst, betrayal and plot twists!   Dahlia and River's relationship is threatened by the shocking reappearance of Ben...River is jealous and angry...Dahlia is confused and insecure in her relationship with River...and Ben wants Dahlia back. River and Dahlia have a seemingly loving and beautiful relationship, but will their devotion to each other survive all the obstacles thrown in their path? Although I felt a little sorry for Ben throughout the story, I was thrilled at the conclusion to these characters' stories, and completely shocked by the very surprising revelations about several main characters near the end of the story.   There is lots of romance and sex in Torn, to balance out all the emotion and drama! I really love the author's writing style. Plus I was thrilled to learn that there will be more books in this series about characters from Connected and Torn. I'm definitely looking forward to reading their stories!
492	adjudicated	average	This was the first book I have read by this author and although this is the third book in a series, you can definitely read this book as a standalone. I loved Adam and Mia. He is a tough-talking, Alpha cop and she is a beautiful redhead who doesn't take BS from anyone. I loved Adam and Mia's near-constant fighting almost as much as I loved their incredibly hot sex scenes. These two can't stay away from each other even though they drive each other crazy when they're together. The book is told in a series of alternating POV's which I loved. Adam and Mia married young, and suffered through an incredibly painful tragedy. A series of unfortunate misunderstandings leads to their breaking up, but they never stopped loving each other. At times during the story, I found Mia's behavior to be absolutely infuriating but I really grew to love her about half-way through the book! And Adam is amazing! All he wants to do is provide a home for Mia. He is a really good guy but he always says the wrong thing.   There is an exciting storyline and a very satisfying epilogue to Adam and Mia's story. Sometimes, you need a break from all the wealthy billionaire/innocent heroine love stories with a story about two very down-to-earth and relatable characters and this is the perfect antidote. I am going to read the first two books in this series and I am looking forward to more stories from this author!   **An ARC was provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.**
281	adjudicated	average	"3.5 - 4 Stars!!   I really liked FLAME! The storyline and the love scenes and the action scenes are all fantastic!!   Dakota finds herself taking a road trip with friends while she is on a break from school. Dakota goes along with Levi, Gunner and Emmy Sue on a trip for Levi and Gunner's motocross bike races. Levi is HOT but Dakota stays away from relationships. So this trip is perfect for the both of them: a hot hook-up with no promise of anything permanent. I loved Dakota's character: she is smart, strong-willed and not afraid to go after what she wants But when the road trip ends, will she be able to walk away from Levi?   Dakota is from an unconventional family and I love how her free spirit shines through in this book. Levi is immediately attracted to her spirit but he is very honest about not wanting anything more than sex while they are on the road. He doesn't ""do"" relationships either. But is he ever HOT!!   ""Sunshine,"" Levi leans over to me, resting his hand on the inside of my thigh, right below the frayed hem of my shorts, ""I promise I want to learn all about your family. They sound cool as fuck--especially the part about the weed farm--but can we get back to where you said motocross is driving fast and doing stupid, crazy-ass stunts while flying through the air? 'Cause if you're gonna be my girl on this trip, we need to give you a crash course tonight in all things motocross, so you can truly appreciate my awesomeness when you see me in action.""   These two have some great banter and the action scenes are incredible! Although this is the second book in a series, it can absolutely be read as a standalone. If you love a great new adult romance with plenty of sizzle and smart, witty banter, then you will LOVE FLAME!"
357	adjudicated	good	"Whatever you think you know about this book, you're wrong!! Filled with THE most amazing plot twists and gorgeous moments, November 9 literally took my breath away, This book is on my favorites lists, not just of 2015 but of all time. It is absolutely unforgettable!!   I read this book in one sitting and was absolutely devastated when it ended!! The writing is so perfect, the story is so creative and the characters are so vivid that I felt like a piece of me was missing was I finished this book. I felt like I knew Ben and Fallon personally, that's how expressive Colleen Hoover's writing is.   Fallon is damaged goods, growing up in Hollywood and having survived both emotional and physical trauma when she and Ben meet.   ""One of the things I always try to remind myself is that everyone has scars,"" she says. ""A lot of them even worse than mine. The only difference is that mine are visible and most people's aren't.""   Fallon and Ben are only teenagers when they first meet, literally on the eve of her big move to New York City. Could what Fallon feels for Ben be real and lasting? Only time will tell, as they make a pact to meet only once a year until she turns 23. No contact, no social media stalking, nothing, until their annual ""dates"". Fallon believes that this is the only way for her to be mature enough and self-reliant enough to be in a relationship with Ben. She is determined not to lose herself in a man.   But oh so much can happen in the time in between, and as the story unfolds from the past to the present, I began to realize what this book was really about. My heart broke for both Fallon and for Ben, and I was completely taken aback by the path this story took.   There are SO many memorable moments in this book, and they all took my breath away. Imagine think you have met your soul mate, only to see them once a year for the next few years! I wanted to scream at Fallon and Ben to grab onto their love and never let it go.   ""Please say yes. Please tell me you aren't finished falling in love with me yet.""   Don't miss November 9!! It is yet another flawless book from Colleen Hoover.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
77	adjudicated	poor	One of my top 5 favorites. Read this at the deeper/figuring your life out moments - it will give you strength and inspiration.
462	adjudicated	good	This book starts off with an amazingly hot scene between Kat and Ream that doesn't end well. Ream is explosive and sexy, but he is harboring some terrible secrets that cause him to turn off emotionally and push Kat away. Kat herself is keeping a huge secret from Ream and the book turns on some major misunderstandings between the two of them.   The band is back home after being on tour and Ream aggressively pursues Kat. She can't deny his larger-than-lfe personality and his aggressive alpha tendencies. I loved this sexy, hot rocker but much of the story is spent with Kat denying her true feelings for him. I absolutely loved the two of them together, and they have incredibly explosive chemistry.   The story felt a little rushed toward the end, with several plot threads coming together and very crucial characters all appearing at the end of the story. I love dark reads but the darker elements felt a little forced, and I would have loved a little more background on some of the characters that shaped Ream's life. The best parts of the story were when Ream opened up emotionally about his past, I really felt connected to him and Kat during those moments in the story. My heart broke for Ream and what he endured in his past and I loved how he overcame these horrible obstacles so that he could be what Kat needed.   I loved all of the friends and bandmates and look forward to reading about Georgie and Deck. Nashoda Rose can write seem sizzling hot scenes and I look forward to reading more of her books!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)
498	adjudicated	good	"I read Freeing Asia and am a big fan of E.M. Abel's writing. She writes real new adult characters, who are not perfect by any means and who are all looking to find themselves a little bit. There are connected characters in Breaking Shaun, but you absolutely can read this book without having read Freeing Asia (although I totally recommend it because it's awesome) Breaking Shaun tells the story of Natalie and Shaun, Asia's brother. He is a hot and sexy, gorgeous surfer, a total manwhore who is unapologetic in his behavior but in his defense, completely honest and open with the girls that he sleeps with. Full disclosure. but it doesn't make for any less drama on the part of the girls he leaves behind. He is NOT interested in any kind of lasting relationship at all.   Shaun then meets his match in the smart and sexy Natalie. She has moved to town to get a fresh start and starts work as a bartender. She, too, doesn't believe in true love and uses guys for sex. Perfect match for Shaun, right? Natalie has her reasons for this behavior which we find out later in the story.   Shaun and Natalie's group of friends like to party so there is lots and lots of wild nights out drinking and smoking pot. Shaun and Natalie start off as good friends and move towards a deeper relationship when they have the most mind-blowing sex of their lives. And Ms. Abel can write some SOMKING hot sex scenes! What I loved about the sexy times is that they are actually infused with some pretty deep feelings, despite what Shaun and Natalie might say about wanting to remain unattached.   As Natalie asserts:   ""Women like me don't fall for men like you. We don't come when you call, we don't beg for your attention and we don't confuse sex with love. Women like me, break men like you""   Natalie and Shaun really do build a solid, caring friendship, and they both try to make the other a better person. Natalie encourages Shaun to move forward with this surfboard designs and Shaun encourages her to return to school to pursue her passion, photography. I absolutely love the beach-y setting of Breaking Shaun and the glimpses into the world of surfing. This is another warm, very sexy, well-written story with lots of heart. There is lots of partying but there is also a great story and strong characters. I love this author and hope there will be more books in this series!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
212	adjudicated	average	"This might be the most deliciously dirty Alexa Riley story ever. I mean, look at the plot, ""stepdad"" and ""stepbrother"" want to f*k the teenager living with them in their trailer. But it's all very sweet and in good fun even though it is nasty and totally forbidden! If you have about 1/2 hour to spare, prepare yourself for a fun, filthy, sexy, erotic story. Loved it!"
102	adjudicated	good	"He was so addictive. Like candy. Or drugs. One taste of him had me fiending and my heart beating out of my chest.   OH YES!!! I loved this fun and spicy slow-burn sports romance!! 'Illegal Contact' has the perfect mix of romance and heat. Any sports-romance lover will adore this story!!   Football superstar Gavin Brawley of the New York Barons has major anger issues. A tough guy who grew up in the foster system, he is caught on video assaulting a man and as a result, is put on six months of house arrest. What is was really doing was protecting his friend but Gavin will take his punishment even though it means he is suspending from playing football, the only thing that saved him from a life of total despair.   Most fans think Gavin is a total asshole. And he does little to nothing to dispel the public's opinion of him. In reality, he is a deeply closeted bisexual who has just a few close friends in his inner circle. He trusts no one outside his tight-knit circle. But because Gavin is a prisoner in his own home (a stunning mansion in the Hamptons), he is forced by his long-time manager to hire a PA to shop for him, cook his meals and run his errands. But Gavin is dead-set against this idea because he really doesn't like most people and he just wants to be left alone.   ""I was a multimillionaire and a famous athlete, and yet people still treated me like a dirt-poor street kid from Newark. Some things never changed.""   Noah Monroe is in desperate need of a job. His last one ended badly and his father was just laid off. His student loans are looming over his head. He knows absolutely zero about football but that adds to his charm. And so he has no idea who Gavin Brawley is either. He is completely clueless but must find a job as soon as possible. He is out of options and will take any job, even if it is way outside his chosen field of social work.   ""Was that the celebrity I'd be servicing? Bad choice of words. Was that the celebrity I'd be . . . personally assisting? I wasn't too clear on what this job would even entail. I'd just been told to send my resume and cover letter to Joe's receptionist.""   Of course Noah and Gavin cannot stand each other at first! Gavin is a total jerk to Noah.   ""The man I hired has worked for movie stars, Gavin. He understands discretion.""   ""I don't give a shit if he understands quantum physics. He's more likely to land on the moon than set foot in this ridiculous mansion.""   I adore an enemies-to-lovers story. Gavin and Noah could not be more different. Gavin tries to shut Noah out of his life but he has to admit, Noah begins to do an amazing job as his PA. Noah begins to answer the huge amount of fan mail that has been accumulating and starts a social media presence for Gavin. So the fans actually begin to like Gavin Brawley. Gavin is wildly attracted to Noah but as a closeted bisexual, he feels that coming out would ruin his football career. Santino Hassell does a fantastic job of building their relationship from intense dislike, to friendship, to sweet, sweet romance. I could not put this story down! The sex scenes are CRAZY hot. Even when Noah and Gavin were breaking my heart, I just knew these two had to have a HEA. And boy, did they ever.   I finished with my hands in his hair and our lips crushed together. It was an orgasm worthy of Olympic medals, but what really stopped my heart was the sound of my name in his lust-soaked voice. We were both in trouble.   When Gavin finally begins to trust Noah, it is a beautiful thing. The banter, the sexy flirting, the touches of humor - it all worked for me. There is a second book planned in this series for Gavin's friend and teammate Simeon and let me just say that it sounds all kinds of awesome. I already miss these guys!!   Gavin cocked a brow. ""If you think I'm going to try to spare your delicate baby eyes, I suggest you readjust your expectations. FYI--after showering, I air dry."""
335	adjudicated	good	An unblinking, unvarnished look inside the brutal life of a 70's MC gang. A perfect stroy with incredibly detailed referenced to South Florida in the 1970's. An ending that will take your breath away. Let the author stalking begin!
476	adjudicated	good	First, let me be a little superficial and say that I have always loved this book cover and now after reading Eversea, I can say that everything on the cover has significance, from the colors to the shapes to the objects. I love it when that much thought goes into a cover. Okay, now, onto the story. I read this fantastic book in one day! Jack and Keri Ann totally drew me in and would not let go. I absolutely loved the Southern beach town setting and the not-so-pretty glimpse into the world of Hollywood fame and superstardom. The author has created very passionate and complex characters that I related to from the first page. And the steam factor is perfect! Both characters have complicated histories that are slowly revealed, making for an emotional and at times, shocking read. Book Hangover factor was a 10 on this one. Loved this book and cannot wait for its sequel, Forever, Jack.
337	adjudicated	excellent	Get ready to be enthralled by the next part of Nila and Jet's story! There are scenes of intense passion, heartbreaking deceit, frightening and truly evil characters, and heart-stopping action. There's almost a historical vibe to this book, but it is most definitely a contemporary, sexy and very erotic story. I am literally on pins and needles waiting for the next installment. I need more Jethro!!
441	adjudicated	average	"4.5 stars!! Kitty Thomas is my go-to author for dark erotica so I was excited to read her new release. Blood Mate is a FAIRY TALE, not really an erotic romance in any way, and is another intense story from Kitty Thomas. I don't normally read this genre of books but I absolutely loved the writing and the characters and am so glad I had the opportunity to read this book.   August is a very powerful vampire who is cursed to forever take human victims on order to ensure his own survival. He was a good man in his former life and he desperately wants to break his curse. To do this, he must find his ""blood mate"", a woman whom he cannot ""enthrall"" or control via her mind, and who will stay with him throughout eternity.   August finds Nicole, who is actually very happily married. Through a series of twists and turns, August creates a situation where Nicole will become his blood mate, but she doesn't give in so easily, and is a very strong and feisty heroine. August is torn by his actions but he absolutely must ensure his own survival.   Only Kitty Thomas could create a cast of strong characters like those in Blood Lust and an fantastically creative story that will keep you guessing until the very end.   If you want to step outside your usual genre of books, I highly recommend this dark and sensual tale. You will not be disappointed.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
174	adjudicated	average	"4.5 - 5 Riveting Stars!   ""Do you hate your husband?""   ""I never hated him.""   ""You're about to.""   Nuanced, layered and intriguing, I loved everything about this book!! A must-read.   Adam Steinbeck has just been dealt a blow. His beloved wife Diana is leaving him. Partners in business and in life, he is in total shock. His emotions are raw, exposed and real. He doesn't know what to do or how to make things right again. He cannot live without Diana.   ""The first time I saw her, I had to hold my breath. The first time she spoke, I exhaled.""   But Adam has been living a lie with his wife. He never revealed to her who he really was. A Dominant. He gave it all up for her, and now he realizes that she must have sensed he was holding something back from her, never fully giving himself to her.   Perfect Diana...What would I do to posses her? Would I change my cellular structure? Turn my back on my identity? Walk away from it, never talk about it, burn it so thoroughly into a pile of dust that not telling her wouldn't be a lie?   This raw and powerful book alternates between past and present so we really get a sense of the shared history between Adam and Diana. This story rockets towards a breathtaking conclusion as only CD Reiss can do. Her writing is crisp, clear, intelligent and very, very sensual. The depth of Adam's love for his wife is almost palpable and he will not let her walk away without a fight. And so she agrees to his detailed plan to spend 30 days alone together, away from their business in New York City. Adam is going to show Diana who he really is. The stakes are high but Adam plays to win.   ""I can only breathe if I know she's there. I gave her my f*king soul and she threw it away. Months ago, maybe years ago. She made a decision to throw me away. She's prepared for this divorce, and I'm swinging in the wind. Raw. With nothing. No defenses. Now what am I supposed to do?""   I could not breathe while I was reading this book!! It is incredibly sexy, thought-provoking and emotional. I loved every word. The ending was nothing short of shocking and I'm counting the days until the second book!!   ""She's my life, do you understand?""   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review."
3	adjudicated	good	"A fun, fast paced science fiction thriller. I read it in 2 nights and couldn't put it down. The book is about the quantum theory of many worlds which states that all decisions we make throughout our lives basically create branches, and that each possible path through the decision tree can be thought of as a parallel world. And in this book, someone invents a way to switch between these worlds. This was nicely alluded to/foreshadowed in this quote:   ""I think about all the choices we've made that created this moment. Us sitting here together at this beautiful table. Then I think of all the possible events that could have stopped this moment from ever happening, and it all feels, I don't know..."" ""What?"" ""So fragile."" Now he becomes thoughtful for a moment. He says finally, ""It's terrifying when you consider that every thought we have, every choice we could possibly make, branches into a new world.""   (view spoiler)[This book can't be discussed without spoilers. It is a book about choice and regret. Ever regret not chasing the girl of your dreams so you can focus on your career? Well Jason2 made that choice and then did regret it. Clearly the author is trying to tell us to optimize for happiness - to be that second rate physics teacher at a community college if it means you can have a happy life. I'm being snarky because while there is certainly something to that, you also have to have meaning in your life that comes from within. I thought the book was a little shallow on this dimension. In fact, all the characters were fairly shallow. Daniela was the perfect wife. Ryan the perfect antithesis of Jason. Amanda the perfect loyal traveling companion, etc. This, plus the fact that the book was weak on the science are what led me to take a few stars off - but I'd still read it again if I could go back in time - was a very fun and engaging read.   If you want to really minimize regret, you have to live your life to avoid it in the first place. Regret can't be hacked, which is kind of the point of the book. My favorite book about regret is Remains of the Day. I do really like the visualization of the decision tree though - that is a powerful concept.   ""Every moment, every breath, contains a choice. But life is imperfect. We make the wrong choices. So we end up living in a state of perpetual regret, and is there anything worse? I built something that could actually eradicate regret. Let you find worlds where you made the right choice."" Daniela says, ""Life doesn't work that way. You live with your choices and learn. You don't cheat the system.""   (hide spoiler)]"
334	adjudicated	average	What a fresh and surprising story! Deliciously awkward, funny and sexy, Beautiful Secret is a fabulous addition to Christina Lauren's fantastic series of books. Niall Stella is irresistible!! He is stunning, sexy and smart, but he is definitely inexperienced when it comes to love, and his lack of self-confidence makes this book really different and very, very endearing. Ruby is hilarious and the cast of supporting characters is of course fabulous and make for lots of snappy banter. You will adore this book if you are a fan of Christina Lauren, and even if you've never read any of their books, this book definitely can be read as a standalone. Super-hot, funny and very fast-paced, Beautiful Secret hits all the high notes and is definitely a must-read!!   (Thanks to the publisher for an ARC.)
410	adjudicated	good	"One word: glorious!   Thank the gods for Mia Sheridan! Becoming Calder is so very beautiful, my heart was overflowing in some parts, and breaking in others. This story is completely original and the characters are so brave and honest, that I was lost in this book from beginning to end.   Calder and Eden's story is very unconventional and is very painful in parts. But their bond is so strong and passionate, that I just knew that they would be able to withstand any heartache and pain that came their way. I feel very strongly about the type of ""community"" that Eden and Calder lived in, and many scenes were almost too painful to read. I feel that the author absolutely nailed the psychological and physical abuse so accurately that it blew me away. This story unfolds layer by layer, with the reader joining in Calder's slowly dawning realization that he and his family did NOT, in fact, live in a paradise.   ""We hadn't chosen this life. It had chosen us.""   Calder and Eden's love is almost magical. But there is plenty of off-the-charts heat and longing between them to satisfy every contemporary romance reader. The story has tons of twists and turns and there are so many obstacles thrown at Calder and Eden that I was afraid they wouldn't survive.   ""Where do you find your strength, Morning Glory, he had asked me.   From you, I had said, smiling and pulling him close.""   Try to read this book without reading too many reviews with spoilers. Becoming Calder is passionate, refreshingly original and completely satisfying. A must-read!!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
71	adjudicated	poor	One of my all-time favorites. The ultimate revenge story. One fascinating aspect to think about was that back in the day this novel appeared as a series of articles in the newspaper in France...
210	adjudicated	good	The heart never forgets skipping a beat.   Just WOW!!! End of Day is Kristen Ashley meets Caroline Kepnes. Funny, sexy, suspenseful, witty...this book literally has it all. How did I not read this series sooner? This clever story about a brother and sister duo who are starting a new life in Omaha, Nebraska is filled with heart-stopping moments and an edge-of-your-seat plot. Oh - and there's plenty of intensely hot sex, too.   I highlighted a zillion parts of this book and I would write a longer review but I need to jump right into Middle of Knight. Don't start this series if you have anything else to do because you won't be able to put it down!
64	adjudicated	poor	"A classic LA detective novel - loved it. The opening paragraph says it all:   ""It was about eleven o'clock in the morning, mid-october, with the sun not shining, and a look of hard rain in the clearness of the foothills. I was wearing my powder-blue shirt, tie and display handkerchief, black brogues, black wool socks with dark blue clocks on them. I was neat, clean, shaved and sober, and didn't care who knew it. I was everything the well-dressed private detective ought to be. I was calling on four million dollars."""
385	adjudicated	good	"4.5 Stars!   Colleen Hoover is a must-read author for me. I always adore her books, the stories, the emotions, the characters, and Confess was no different. This book is pure magic, from the opening chapter to the very end. Confess is an intricately woven tale from beginning to end, where all of the characters are somehow connected and where everything is slowly revealed, little by little.   I absolutely fell in love with Owen. He is a gifted artist but has some very rocky relationships in his life. I just knew that I would grow to love him even though he seemed like he made some questionable choices early on in the book. Owen and Auburn are both very, very complicated characters and my heart nearly broke for Auburn and her situation. I could not put this story down and read it in practically one sitting.   ""I love you so much."" His voice is breathless and full of fear. ""I'll love you forever. Even when I can't."" My tears fall harder at his words. ""And I'll love you forever. Even when I shouldn't.""   You should read this book without any spoilers because the plot is very clever and there are surprises thrown in along the way. I love the creative plot and the paintings throughout the book are just magnificent. They tie into the story perfectly. I will confess that my ARC copy did not have the paintings so I bought a Kindle copy and I am so glad that I did. The paintings are haunting and very revealing. Even though this is a romantic story with some very emotional situations, there are definitely moments of humor which I greatly appreciated!   Confess is another must-read from one of my absolute favorite authors. It is a beautiful story about the power of trust and love and I didn't want Owen and Auburn's story to end. Enjoy!"
94	adjudicated	good	"Grabbing a bite. With a twenty-year-old. From a boy band. Under what circumstance might that ever be construed as acceptable?   I. LOVED. THIS. BOOK.   A sharp and insightful commentary on our modern culture and obsession with celebrity, 'The Idea of You' is also a fantastic, sexy romance. This book really did it for me. If this is Robinne Lee's first book, I cannot wait see what comes next!   Solene is a sophisticated, 39 year old divorced working mom who finds herself swept up into an exciting and sexy relationship with the world-famous Hayes Campbell, the 20 year old member of a famous ""boy band"". She is an educated and successful gallerist who is divorced from her ex-husband, who has a younger girlfriend. The world does not take kindly to Solene's relationship with Hayes, mainly because of the 20 year age difference. I loved the commentary on ageism in our society today. The public will accept an older man with a younger girlfriend but frowns upon the older woman/younger man dynamic.   Solene is acutely aware of the age difference but is enjoying an awakening of sorts with Hayes, Ah, the joys of a younger boyfriend! What starts out as ""just lunch"" soon becomes much, much more.   ""I just want to look at you for a moment.""   ""You've been looking at me for over an hour.""   ""Yeah, but before I was trying not to be obvious about it. Come here."" He led me over to the daybed against the far wall and pulled me onto his lap. I could feel him through his pants. Oh, the wonders of twenty.   Solene at first tries to hide her relationship with Hayes from her young daughter. I knew this was going to be a disaster and her daughter at first does not handle the news well at all. But doesn't Solene deserve to be happy? She struggles not only with her ex-husband's reaction to the news but also with her daughter's.   The entire time Isabelle had been just across the hall on the phone with her friend, oblivious to her mother going down the rabbit hole. Face-first.   One of the things I loved most about this book was the sharp look at our obsession with celebrity. Hayes could not go anywhere without being mobbed, and even a causal trip to the store to buy a shirt led to a mob scene. He was used to it; Solene was not. This story made me re-think every headline I read about celebrities. Hayes wanted Solene to know him, and NOT ""the idea"" of him. Hayes was tender, sweet, funny, sexy and much wiser than his 20 years.   ""You want to be kissed, Solene?"" His hands were in my hair, pushing it off of my face, cradling my neck.   ""Yes."" I nodded.   ""You think you can handle that?""   ""I'll see what I can do.""   Robinne Hill gets her locations right. From Miami, to Malibu, to Manhattan and Paris, I felt as if I was THERE, experiencing the cafes, the clubs, the chic art galleries and the screaming fans at the huge concerts. This book really checked all the boxes for me!! I simply cannot recommend it highly enough. I am having a hard time moving on from this book. Would I love a sequel? YES. But I would also gladly welcome another book from Ms. Hill. Grab 'The Idea of You' and enjoy a fabulous time with this perfect beach read. I adored it.   Favorite quotes:   ""You're making me blush,"" he laughed, tipping his head back. His jawline from this angle was well-defined, exquisite, like art. His beauty, like a gift that kept revealing itself.   ""Love,"" she said, ""was not always perfect, and not exactly how you expected it to be. But when it descended upon you, there was no controlling it.""   ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review."
486	adjudicated	average	"Once I got into this book, I was rewarded with a dramatic, VERY sexy story with a fabulous story and memorable characters. There is a little bit of a Colleen Hoover and Jamie McGuire vibe about this book, but it is also very adult on many levels, despite the college setting.   Amber, Brock and Ryder are all very complex characters and their histories makes it easy to understand and empathize with them as they plunge headlong into a steamy and passionate relationship. Amber especially has suffered terribly, but has pulled her life together (somewhat) by attending college in Maryland.   ""... (T)heir safety net came too late, unable to save me from my ancient habits. I continue to disconnect, self-destructing one man at a time, using sex as a brain detox. Sex is and will always be where I find control, a hidden shelter keeping me benign from the cancer that will forever disease the dark, frayed edges of my thoughts. Starting at the age of fourteen, I've abused, loved, craved, and hated sex in ways most people can't fathom. It'd rock their skulls. I've given it away without feeling a morsel of anything for the person on the receiving end and, many times, accepted it from those I knew couldn't stomach me.""   Amber is deeply attracted to both Brock and Ryder but Gail McHugh makes it very understandable how their feelings develop, even though Brock and Ryder are best friends:   ""Despite my friendship with Brock, Amber's worth a few rounds in the moral boxing ring.""   The plot was unexpectedly thrilling, and there was a rawness to this book that I did not expect. The characters were also unexpectedly sympathetic. I had a few minor drawbacks with the story but overall, I felt that Amber to Ashes was a very fresh and surprisingly sexy story that left me wanting more from this author!   ""Attraction. Lust. All a lethal but beautiful cocktail that's about to combust, exploding each of us into a state of numbness, a state of healing through what we need. Each other . . .""   (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review.)"
186	adjudicated	excellent	"4 - 4.5 Stars!   Sexy, sweet, and heartwarming with some very witty moments. My first Lex Martin book and I loved it! You can absolutely read Shameless as a standalone, even though Brady appeared in Finding Dandelion. Shameless has heart, characters I connected with and wonderful supporting characters. Brady is a tattoo artist who happens to have a Fine Arts degree and also rides a Harley. He travels from Boston to his brother's farm in Texas after a sudden tragedy to take over the care of his baby niece. I was already swooning before I even got to the baby part.   ""Here is this hot man, tattoos decorating his rugged arms, muscles tugging at the fabric, asking me about the baby's binkie while he holds her close to his chest.""   Katherine is helping with the care of the baby and staying on the farm after the sudden loss of her best friend. She is nerdy but beautiful and sweet and Brady is very attracted to her. He is drawn to her kindness and devotion to the baby and the farm. And when he learns about her background...well, his heart and my heart broke for her! She had a very tough childhood but attended college on a full scholarship. She is hard-working and humble but Brady thinks they can never be in a committed relationship. He needs to go back to Boston and Katherine has roots in Texas . Plus they are both dealing with loads of grief and guilt. Not the best time to fall in love.   It is very hard for a writer to create a connection between her characters and the reader but Lex Martin has done an outstanding job with this in Shameless. I really cared about Katherine and Brady and what would happen to their new ""family"" and to blossoming their relationship. Shameless is swoony and passionate and funny and sexy, with the added bonus of the fantastic Texas Hill Country setting.   This was a solid romantic read for me, with all the right elements. Brady was tender, sexy, and hot; Katherine was funny, smart, sexy and strong. I am still thinking about these characters days after finishing the book, which is always a good sign for me. I can't wait to go through my Kindle and read Lex martin's other books!   Favorite quote:   ""When you find your own little slice of heaven on Earth, you do everything you can to preserve it. To protect it. To nurture it."""
34	adjudicated	poor	A great finish to the D'Artagnan series - definitely enjoyed it. Ending wasn't what I wanted though, you could tell he was just trying to permanently end the series. It could easily be having seen the movie made me want more drama.
78	adjudicated	poor	Listened it on tape on a road trip... thoroughly enjoyed it!
1	adjudicated	good	"This is a special book. It started slow for about the first third, then in the middle third it started to get interesting, then the last third blew my mind. This is what I love about good science fiction - it pushes your thinking about where things can go.   It is a 2015 Hugo winner, and translated from its original Chinese, which made it interesting in just a different way from most things I've read. For instance the intermixing of Chinese revolutionary history - how they kept accusing people of being ""reactionaries"", etc.   It is a book about science, and aliens. The science described in the book is impressive - its a book grounded in physics and pretty accurate as far as I could tell. (view spoiler)[Though when it got to folding protons into 8 dimensions I think he was just making stuff up - interesting to think about though.   But what would happen if our SETI stations received a message - if we found someone was out there - and the person monitoring and answering the signal on our side was disillusioned? That part of the book was a bit dark - I would like to think human reaction to discovering alien civilization that is hostile would be more like Enders Game where we would band together.   I did like how the book unveiled the Trisolaran culture through the game. It was a smart way to build empathy with them and also understand what they've gone through across so many centuries. And who know a 3 body problem was an unsolvable math problem? But I still don't get who made the game - maybe that will come in the next book.   I loved this quote:   ""In the long history of scientific progress, how many protons have been smashed apart in accelerators by physicists? How many neutrons and electrons? Probably no fewer than a hundred million. Every collision was probably the end of the civilizations and intelligences in a microcosmos. In fact, even in nature, the destruction of universes must be happening at every second--for example, through the decay of neutrons. Also, a high-energy cosmic ray entering the atmosphere may destroy thousands of such miniature universes....""   (hide spoiler)]"
12	adjudicated	good	"I couldn't put this book down. It was well written - even elegant in a way, as well as though provoking. I love post apocalyptic books as they are great canvas's for humanity, and what matters. In Station Eleven an Ebola-esque virus (the Georgia Flu) knocks out over 99% of the worlds population. This story is told half right before the collapse, and half afterwards, and has several threads that tie together nicely.   Reading how civilization and infrastructure all die after the collapse is fascinating. One by one, cable tv, the internet, water, and power all eventually stop working. Nobody is alive to maintain them - or who even knows how. Other infrastructure like gasoline to power cars and airplanes, groceries, guns, and even clothing all become rarer and rarer commodities. Really makes you realize how much we are standing on the shoulder of hundreds of years of progress and knowledge, and how far into the middle ages we could easily fall. We really know nothing individually - our civilization is based upon the collective knowledge of billions.   If there is a motto of the book, it's probably this quote: ""Because survival is insufficient"". Humanity craves for more than survival - we crave for something more out of life. The story follows a caravan of actors and musicians who travel from town to town to play Shakespeare, and bring some art and a shared experience. Interesting that of all the artists from the past 400 years, Shakespeare is the one that survives and still resonates.   ""All three caravans of the Traveling Symphony are labeled as such, THE TRAVELING SYMPHONY lettered in white on both sides, but the lead caravan carries an additional line of text: Because survival is insufficient.""   ""Survival might be insufficient, she'd told Dieter in late-night arguments, but on the other hand, so was Shakespeare.""   The storyline pre-collapse that follows Arthur and his three wives is interesting. I won't say much about it, other than Arthur, his wives, and the paparazzi-turned-jounalist-turned-paramedic-turned-doctor Jeevan, seem to all be searching for meaning in their lives. And ironically Jeevan seems to find the most, becoming a doctor after the collapse. Also, I'm glad I'm not a Hollywood celebrity. The conversation between Arthur and Jeevan where Arthur just wants to talk about anything but himself stuck with me - sometimes we are all sick of talking about ourselves.   Regardless of what you think about this book, one thing is for sure - after you put it down and walk around the world, you are full of a newfound appreciation and gratitude for everything. Hopefully that appreciation and gratitude will stick around a little - though I know it will fade as months and years go by.   ps. This is cool:"
416	adjudicated	average	"Joint review for this one. Cathy:   5 stars!!   Jodi Ellen Malpas is a genius at making you feel sorry for her Alpha male even though he is so f*****d up, and knowing the heroine should RUN not walk the other way! I wanted Livy to stay and fight for Miller. And the author's phrasing is absolutely epic. I fell in love with the characters all over again in this book and wanted more.   I adored One Night Denied. I felt that Ms. Malpas really tapped into Miller's emotions and even though I believe that we really don't know his whole story yet, I was okay with the parts of his past that the author revealed. I loved this book even more than the first one and I cannot wait for the third book.   Ellen:   4.5 stars!!   I absolutely fell in love with Miller Hart all over again. This book begins right after Book 1 so there will be no spoilers here. The passion and the intensity that Miller feels for Livy were the best parts of the book for me. My heart broke for him in this book, and I was praying that Livy would get beyond her own painful past and let Miller love her. This is a man truly and deeply in love and he would let nothing and no one stand in his way. That is one of the many things that I love about the author's tortured heroes.   ""I'm madly fascinated by you, Olivia Taylor. You fill my dark world with light and my hollow heart with feelings. I've persistently informed you that I'll never go down easily.""   While I was not as obsessed with this book as I was with One Night: Promised, I absolutely loved it and I am very impatiently waiting for the next installment in Miller and Livy's story. Jodi Ellen Malpas remains one of my favorite contemporary romance authors and I treasure every word she writes.   (Thanks to the publisher for an ARC of One Night: Denied)"
23	adjudicated	good	"This book has a great premise, and is full of some beautifully written prose. It's about a hacker during the Arab Spring, helping people get around the firewalls that the State erected to control its population. Alif falls in love, finds an ancient book, gets into trouble with State, enlists the help of an unseen, magical world full of creatures call Jinn, and combats evil. The story flowed well, and was a fast, fun read.   I would have given it a higher rating, but I'm a computer programmer, and for a book that is about hacking the descriptions of Alif coding felt like I was watching one of those movies where they used a bunch of made-up visuals that have nothing to do with hacking. The prose around the hacking was so oddly descriptive you didn't know what to make of it. For instance, when Alif is hacking into State's intranet, it is described as:   ""The Hand roused. It lumbered to its feet, reeking of ionized air and dry metallic bones, revealing a level of functionality Alif had not detected. He reeled backward, recalibrating. Breaching the confines of the State intranet, the Hand began to attack the base of Alif's tower, slicing away layers of code through a mirroring protocol of a kind Alif had never seen before.""   I didn't know a computer program could ""reek of ionized air"" - and can't conceive of how a mirroring protocol (if there is such a thing) could ever be used to ""slice away layers of code"".   (view spoiler)[I wanted so hard for the bit about quantum computing and encoding the ancient story into code to make sense. But it just didn't. And that was the heart of the story - that the ancient text contained an all-powerful computer algorithm. I also had trouble buying the Alif & Dina relationship - the characters just felt shallow to me. (hide spoiler)]"
73	adjudicated	poor	I read this while backpacking through Europe after college. It was a fascinating insight into the Spanish culture - anyone going there should definitely read this.
183	adjudicated	good	"Well, well! The writing in 'The Deep End' is VERY different from other Kristen Ashley books but not to fear, the author turns the heat WAY up in this book. I'll be honest, I had to think about this story for a while after I finished reading it.   I loved the plot of this book. The heroine Amelia is a Domme and is very accepting of herself and her needs. She was unapologetic about her lifestyle and for that, I applaud the author. In many other ways, she was just a normal human being with a desire to build a relationship with someone outside the BDSM scene and club life.   Amelia is a member of the ultra-exclusive club The Bee's Honey. They have a very rigorous screening process and she knows the men she will meet will have to pass certain requirements before they can walk in the door. She has never quite met the ""perfect"" sub but once she sets her sights on Olivier, all bets are off. He's her dream man, an Alpha sub who can meet her every need. He is everything I love about a KA hero: strong, confident, loving and caring. I had a bit of difficulty with their dynamic because he didn't seem like he was really a true submissive but their relationship worked. Olivier and Amelie didn't have a ""typical"" D/s relationship (if there even is such a thing) but they both seemed perfect for each other.   I am a diehard Kristen Ashley fan so I will read anything this woman writes. I LOVED the erotic aspects of this story and the BDSM scenes did not offend me at all. I think that KA writes some very explicit sex scenes but 'The Deep End' is VERY explicit!! If you are a fan of this author's books, then definitely give this one a try. It is different and intriguing and has some very unique characters. Just be prepared to be surprised. Enjoy!!   ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review."
132	adjudicated	good	"Holy hotness, Batman! So much to love about this book!! (And some things, not so much!) But overall, Hail Mary was a deliciously naughty sports romance with some unforgettable passion between the main characters. Nicola Rendell is definitely a writer to watch and her book kept me engaged and laughing until the very end.   This is a dirty, dirty book and LOTS of fun. Even if you don't usually read sports romance, give Hail Mary a try! You will love this very spicy and very funny story. I loved that Jimmy and Mary were mature adults, with families, jobs, friends and very full lives. Jimmy had a sweet side and Mary was absolutely lovable and perfectly relatable. Yes, there is a touch if insta-love but it worked perfectly in this story. And the Chicago setting was fantastic.   Hail Mary was a well-written, engaging, romantic and hilarious story with maybe THE sexiest scene I have read this year. There, I said it. Hello, champagne bottle! *Fans self* I truly loved this book and love this author's fresh writing style. What detracted from the story for me was the unprotected sex when Jimmy and Mary hardly knew each other (sorry, a big turn-off for me). I also found it a little unbelievable that Mary had no clue who Jimmy was, when they both lived in the same city where he was a famous football star. But, other readers didn't seem to mind so read this little gem of a story and judge for yourself! It's got plenty of heat and humor to please even the most jaded romance reader. I can't wait to see what's coming up next for this wonderful new author!   ""Yeah? You think so? You think you can handle me?""   Her eyes widen a little. ""I think so,"" she whispers.   Then I let her slip from my arms, such a fucking shame, but I'm not about to let her open her own door. As she gets into the cab--on the street side, the safe side--I say into her ear, ""We'll just see about that."""
411	adjudicated	average	"5++ stars!! Stayed up all night reading!! Many thanks to the author for the ARC because once I started reading, I absolutely could not put it down. Karissa is a poor college student, struggling in particular with a Philosophy class. The professor is a jerk and if she gets a low grade in the class, she will lose her scholarship.   Naz and Clarissa meet by chance outside the classroom when he stops to pay a visit to her professor. He is the quintessential bad boy, but a wealthy one, and slowly begins to sweep Karissa off her feet. She leads a very quiet and simple life, and finds herself falling hard for the incredibly sexy and overwhelming Naz. This is NOT the standard innocent-girl-meets-older-rich-guy trope, instead there are INCREDIBLE twists and some scorching hot sex!!   Naz is a bad boy but he really does treat Karissa like a princess. There is an undercurrent of uneasiness and dread during this book but it is not until the last part of the book that the incredibly shocking plot twists are revealed. I can't wait for the next book, and as for Naz, ""Well, step aside, ladies, this one's on me!"""
194	adjudicated	average	"We were two cousins in love with the same girl.   I really liked this book! I have never read anything by Katy Regency before and I love her style of writing. Set in the South, Ginger's Heart is a contemporary romance and a retelling of Little Red Riding Hood. The story follows Ginger, Cain and Woodman, who have known each other their whole lives. Ginger has always loved bad-boy Cain, while his cousin, Woodman, has been in love with Ginger since she was a young girl.   Cain knows he can't have Ginger, he is loyal to his cousin and he stays away from Ginger. Both boys enlist in the military and the story follows the three of the through the years. I love a good love triangle and even if you are not a fan, the way Katy Regency is beautiful and passionate and emotional. It is easy to see why Ginger could not really choose between Cain and Woodman.   Cain is the one who play the ""wolf"" role in this story, he has a good heart but he has never lived up to his family's expectations for him. He is sexy, wild and irresistible. But he is fiercely loyal to his cousin and he treats Ginger like a princess.   ""He was uncouth, bad mannered, irreverent, impertinent, and irresponsible, with a mouth like a sailor before he'd become a sailor, and a dick that had seen so much indiscriminate action, it's a wonder it still worked.""   Everyone exited Ginger to spend the rest of her life with Woodman. He is devoted to Ginger and she loves him but not the same way that she loves Cain. I really liked Woodman and was rooting for Ginger to love him! This book takes a very surprising turn near the end which I did not see coming. I absolutely loved the span of years in this book and loved watching Ginger grow up. Katy Regency makes both Cain and Woodman very sympathetic characters and the story is romantic, sexy and very emotional in some parts.   ""It doesn't make one of us a villain and one of us a hero. You can't help who you love. But someone's heart was goin' to break.""   This is a very engaging and lovely story with a very creative twist. I loved it and can't wait to read more books from Katy Regnery.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
56	adjudicated	poor	Great book about Galileo from the perspective of his daughter.
149	adjudicated	good	"Mind-bending and completely unique, take a chance and read this book!! This fast-paced, twisty science-fiction thriller was just what I needed to get out of a reading slump! Even if you don't usually read this genre, DON'T MISS DARK MATTER! It is a brilliant romantic suspense story that had me guessing until the very end.   There IS a romance at the heart of this story of scientist/professor Jason Dessen, because to me, the struggle to get back to his beloved wife is what drives most of the action in this book. I went back and re-read the first chapter of this book after I finished to get a better picture of the sudden and violent kidnapping that occurs at the very beginning of this book.   ""My life is great. It's just not exceptional. And there was a time when it could have been.""   ""You killed your ambition, didn't you?""   ""It died of natural causes. Of neglect.""   Jason is literally snatched from his current life and ends up in a place that might be a dream. He can't tell the difference between real-life and fantasy, until it slowly starts to dawn on him what is really happening to him. The author made me feel sad, nostalgic and thrilled all at once. Plus there is an ethical dilemma at the heart of this story.   ""I feel insanity stalking me again, threatening to curl me up fetal and shatter me into a million pieces.""   Dark Matter is best read without knowing any spoilers. AND I was thrilled to learn that it is going to be made into a movie!! YES!! Paging Viggo Mortensen or Michael Fassbender! This story literally had me on the edge of seat the entire time I was reading. Just when I thought I had things figured out, I was surprised and thrilled by the next turn of events. Part philosophy about what might have been, part romance, and all suspense, Dark Matter is a book I won't soon forget.   ""It's the beautiful thing about youth.   There's a weightlessness that permeates everything because no damning choices have been made, no paths committed to, and the road forking out ahead is pure, unlimited potential.""   (With thanks to NetGalley and the publisher for a review copy.)"
19	adjudicated	good	The Circle is a new bay area company, but is really Google+Facebook. It dominates search and social media, has a huge sprawling campus in the south bay, and is full of intelligent, ambitious young employees. This story is I think a take on where the connected nature of the internet might be taking us. It's essentially a discussion about privacy vs openness, and I think a serious 1984-esque warning about being too open.   I thought a lot of the book was kind of shallow and unrealistic. The characters weren't very well developed. And I can't imagine an HR department that would get on your case for not using social media or attending a brunch you were invited too - it was just too extreme to believe. But I suppose that was on purpose, as the author was just making a point. I appreciated the point (see below), but didn't love the story.   Mark Zuckerberg has been fairly public on saying that he believes a more open society is a better one. The notion is exactly the one Mae learns with the kayak incident - if your whole life is open to your friends and family, it's very hard to do anything dishonest or that you might regret. The premise of the Circle - that privacy and secrecy are bad - is taking this idea to an extreme that I doubt Zuckerberg or anyone else who runs a social network has ever contemplated: complete openness. Or as its motto says:   All That Happens Must Be Known.   It is easy to imagine us eventually living in a world like the Circle contemplates. With public video cameras everywhere that document everything we do, and tons more data (photos, videos, texts) available to search engines to scan through. Already there are startups like Dropcam that enable public video feeds that are archived. There are atm and building and traffic cameras everywhere that the police already use. I heard of another startup that puts a video camera on you and it takes photos of everything all day and creates a montage of your day that is searchable/sortable for you. In many ways, we should already start acting like everything we do at least outside of our homes is being recorded on camera.   I think the central question the book poses is the one Bailey contemplates with Mae: is there such a thing as a good secret? Should we have privacy at all? Or would the world at large be better off if all secrets are known? I think we know where Mr Eggers stands on the subject, as the book seemed to be written in a dystopian, mocking kind of way. But it is in an interesting thought experiment, as many secrets would ultimately be better overall (not necessarily for the disclosing party, but for the overall situation), if they were known. For example you don't want to tell your friend that you know their significant other is cheating on them b/c you aren't supposed to know, but ultimately it would be better for them to know. Can you think of a secret you know that should be a secret?   But of course, there are lots of secrets that should stay secrets. Ignorance often truly is bliss, and people often just need to be weird and express themselves in ways that not everyone would appreciate if it were open. We are private beings, and yet our dignity and sense of self-worth largely stems from how others perceive us. I think this book is a thought-provoking story that shows us how our society is changing.
205	adjudicated	excellent	"5 fighting stars!!   ""I'll fight for us, but I'll need you to fight too.""   JB Salsbury has written a classic friends-to-lovers story, with two characters that I loved from her previous books. Killian and Axelle have been best friends since childhood, but Kill is not your typical bad-boy MMA fighter. He's a nerd in high school, and worships Axelle from afar. He thinks she could never be interested in someone like him, a geek who wears glasses, quiet and nerdy. Axelle, who has bad terrible choices in men, secretly loves him, but she doesn't feel worthy enough for the smart, driven Killian.   There is more emotion, sexual tension and heartbreak packed into this book then many books twice the size. I could not put this book down and this story touched me on so many levels that I am still thinking about it a week after finishing! I fell in love with Killian. He is now my favorite of all the Fighting boys. Sweet, sexy, protective, strong, gentle - he is the TOTAL package.   And Axelle is a fantastic heroine, she makes bad choices, is far from perfect but picks herself up and moves on and makes a better life for herself. She realizes early on that she can't hold Killian back from a stellar fighting career and refuses to hold him back.   ""I can't lose him to someone else. But I can't allow him to pass up on a chance at happiness with someone else either.""   Axelle and Killian's story is emotional, thrilling, sexy, filled with heartbreak, hope and promise.   This book was perfect in every way. The boy and girl secretly in love with each other, the years spent apart, the incredible sexual chemistry between the hero and heroine, and the beautiful and strong families who support them both unconditionally. I adored how the author allowed Axelle to overcome her insecurities and become her own woman. I love everything JB Salsbury writes but FIGHTING FATE is one of her very best books!I didn't think it possible, but I have become an even bigger fan after reading FIGHTING FATE. The dual POV was perfection and I can't wait for more books from Ms. Salsbury.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
79	adjudicated	good	"Really good book. It read like a bestseller (quick read), but had a lot of substance to stop and make you think.   three Rules of the tipping point: the law of the few, the stickyness factor, the power of context.   Law of the Few (people who influence):   - Connectors: super connectors (eg Paul Revere). William Dawes had the same mission as Paul Revere the same night but we haven't heard of him b/c Paul Revere was a super-connector & knew who to rouse.   - Mavens: A Maven is a person who has information on a lot of different products or prices or places. This person likes to initiate discussions with consumers and respond to requests. They like to be helpers in the marketplace.   - Salesmen: people with the skills of persuasion. Good at reading people entering into ""conversational harmony"" with them. Facial gestures (nods, smiles, frowns) are key indicators. Emotional Mimicry. Studies showed Peter Jennings viewers voted Republican b/c he unconsciously smiled more while covering Reagan.   Stickyness Factor   - Sesame street succeeded b/c it learned to make TV sticky. It did a TON of testing with focus groups of kids to increase stickyness (how much kids remembered) of each show. They would cut scenes that didn't hold attention until each show   was good.   - Blues Clues did even more testing and discovered that kids love repetition - it plays the same show 5 times in a row and kids love it.   - make the message personal to make it memorable   The Power of Context   - Broken window theory. NYC cleaned up its crime epidemic by cleaning off the graffiti from its subways.   - Often to change human behavior you have to change the context the problem is presented in.   - Stanford Prison Experiment by Zimbardo proved that context matters.   - law of 150: a person can't 'know' more than 150 people, so companies usually start to fail at that point. Gore-Tex breaks up a company into 2 once it hits 150, because they've found things work better that way."
495	adjudicated	good	4.5 stars, loved it! Surprisingly funny, thrilling, and sexy. Do not shy away from Good because of the student-teacher storyline! This book is filled with plenty of funny and witty moments to go along with the dramatic, emotional and very sexy scenes. The book is an emotional roller-coaster but the author wisely lightens up the drama with just enough light-hearted moments to make this one very enjoyable and read-in-one-sitting book.   Cadence is a high school student who made one pretty bad mistake one night. She is sent to juvenile detention, and when she returns to high school, she is horribly bullied and becomes a total outcast. Her parents are in complete denial about her situation at school, adding to her desperation and loneliness. The only bright spot (well, two, more about that in a minute) is her smart, kind and oh-so-sexy teacher, Mark Connelly. He recognizes the torture Cadence is suffering through at school and befriends her. He finds her beautiful, funny, smart and sensitive beneath the tough-girl attitude she tries to adopt at school.   The other bright spot in Cadence's life (and in the book) is her friend Avery, a sarcastic, funny and very smart girl who helps Cadence through some of her toughest moments. I loved Avery! And the teenage-girl banter between Cadence and Avery is hilarious, sad, dirty and sweet, all at the same time.   Back to Mr. Connelly. I loved him. The forbidden aspect of their relationship only made it more thrilling (and poignant) for me. Adding to the age difference, Cadence comes from a strict Christian home and she constantly battles with what she has been taught. Is she a bad person? No. Is Mark a bad person? Absolutely not! I absolutely loved both characters, loved reading about their internal struggles and loved their beautiful and tender love scenes together. Sexy, thrilling, funny and emotional, you get it all with Good. Don't miss it. And yes, there will be more in this series, and I cannot wait!
263	adjudicated	good	"Butterfly Dreams is the first book I have read by A. Meredith Walters. I know she is a favorite of many readers, so I was thrilled to have the chance to read this book. I adored this story! It is a witty, fast-paced and yes, very emotional story about coming to terms with your life and facing your own mortality.   The author has created two very lively and memorable characters in Corin and Beckett. Corin is obsessed with her physical health, convinced that she has a multitude of undiagnosed ailments. She does suffer from panic attacks, but she is sure she is going to die at any minute from a heart attack.   She finds her way to a support group for heart patients where she meets Beckett, who has actually suffered a nbear-fatal heart attack and has had his regular day-to-day activities sharply curtailed. He is in the prime of his life but because of his brush with death, now sees everything differently.   Corin is morbid and morose while Beckett is warm and funny and outgoing. She looks back on her life while he looks forward:   ""Stop thinking about your life in increments. Seconds. Minutes. Days. Look at the bigger picture and embrace whatever time you have. Don't look constantly toward the end. Enjoy the right now.""   This story is very funny and balances the serious subjects perfectly with witty banter and sexy times between the two main characters. I really enjoyed this story and recommend it for all fans of New Adult romance. While the conclusion is a bit predictable, the wit, sarcasm and solid writing make Butterfly Dreams a very enjoyable read.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
324	adjudicated	good	"Tiffany Reisz's writing is pure perfection. Her books are among my all-time favorites and The King was an absolute delight to read, from beginning to end. I have always loved Kingsley Edge so I couldn't wait to read an entire book about him! And once again, the author completely captivated and enthralled me.   ""He thought of nothing, remembered nothing, but felt everything.""   This book mainly tells the story of Kingsley's relationship with Soren but there are plenty of other characters making an appearance in this book. Of course, I am addicted to Kingsley and Soren so their scenes together are completely mind-blowing and absolutely satisfying. This is a very adult and sophisticated book, the prose is gorgeous and the dialogue is pure genius.   Even though I though I know Kingsley's story, the author provides plenty of delicious surprises along the way. I LOVED this book!!! It's sexy, funny, incredibly dramatic and gut-wrenching and completely amazing. I did miss Nora, she is not really the focus of The King but she plays a pivotal role nonetheless. The focus here is on Kingsley and his story. I adored the author's snappy banter, smart storyline and very topical themes.   ""What's your poison?"" the bartender asked, and Kinglsey answered, ""Blonds.""   The King is a must-read!! You will lose yourself in this book. I miss Kingsley already!   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
484	adjudicated	average	3.5 stars!! Always You is a very hot, sweet and sometimes angsty story of a student-teacher romance. Wrenn is very mature for an 18 year old and Dalton is only a few years older, just out of college. Added to that is the fact that he is teaching at her school on a temporary assignment, filling in for a teacher on maternity leave.   Their attraction builds, and their scenes together are very satisfying and super-steamy. This story is perfect for when you need a sexy, fairly quick read that is a standalone with no cliffhanger. I didn't feel too much of a taboo feeling towards their relationship, but I was on pins and needles waiting for the other shoe to drop.   Dalton is hiding a life-changing secret that is hinted at from the beginning. I liked the sensitivity with which the author dealt with his topic, and the ending and prologue were nicely satisfying. Always You is another enjoyable, sexy and emotional read from Missy Johnson.
80	adjudicated	good	Just re-read this for the first time, and it's still one of my favorites. This book is geek-heaven: cryptography, world war II, code-breaking, nazi gold, and modern day internet beginnings all tied together in one masterful story.   It also was largely lost on me, and I suspect many of my generation, that the second world war was won - or at least greatly accelerated - in great part due to the fact that we had cracked the German and Japanese codes. Learning more about the efforts of Bletchley Park, and Dr Alan Turing and huffduff and cribs, etc was fascinating.   I think the funniest part of the book is the page where Stephenson actually graphs out how productive Waterhouse is when he has recently had sex (very productive) and when he hasn't (not very productive).   The code-breaking and cryptography is not stuff I know a ton about, as modern day programmers largely don't have to worry about that stuff, but it's a good reminder to think about, as we don't have it on our brains nearly enough. Avi & Randy's paranoia and tendency to encrypt everything from their hard drives to their emails may be overkill, on the other hand, it also may be wise. I remember getting email from people who used public/private keys to encrypt their email before, but not in the last 5 years. Maybe we should request that Gmail Labs add that!   If there was a theme to this book, it's that cryptography is everything. It defined the second world war, and it also defines the modern internet. Information is king - not large caches of gold.
40	adjudicated	good	"A great book and worth the read, but like many Gladwellian books, it can be summed up easily. The basic point is that there is no such thing as a true outlier. Success, it seems, is due primarily to hard work and circumstance - brains play little part.   Gladwell went through several (fascinating) examples proving his thesis - people such as Bill Gates, Joe Flom at Skadden, Oppenheimer, some failed genius named Chris Langan. All of them had two things in common: they spent over 10,000 hours doing what they did, and they had fortunate circumstances that let them get ahead of everyone else. Bill Gates was smart, but so were lots of other geeks. He had the advantage of being 16 when the computing age came about, and being possibly the only 16 year old in the country with access to a computer - and he spent all his time on it. By the time he hit college he had well over 10,000 hours of computer time and was arguably one of the foremost experts in the country.   One of my favorite bits was the music study on page 39 that compared musicians, and ""couldn't find any 'naturals'"" - the skill of each musician at comparable amounts of practice was equal. It's kind of validating to hear this, as many of us have this feeling that there are naturally smarter people out there than us. But apparently this isn't true - and I think my personal experience agrees with this. The harder you work, the better you can do.   One other big takeaway was how circumstance can change things. The hockey league study and elementary school studies were fascinating and relevant. Basically kids that are in the older third of their class (or hockey league) have a natural advantage when they're really little. They are the kids who make all-star, and get extra coaching, and because of that they practice more and thus do become better by the time they are older. I was held back in pre-school so I was one of the oldest in my class, and I definitely think it helped me. Hmmm now can I plan my kids to be born to be the oldest?"
452	adjudicated	good	"I read this funny, very sexy, smart and very unique book in one sitting. The writing style is very different and fresh, written mostly in the form of diary entries. Emma is a smart and ambitious corporate employee and becomes personal assistant to the imposing Alaric Canon, who has burned through so many PA's that he is the subject of office betting pools. The jerk-y boss/subservient assistant has been done before, but never like this! Emma has a plan to get Alaric to notice her but he is perpetually challenging and sets standards that are basically impossible for his assistants to meet. Emma's inner monologue is hilarious, as she deals with his demanding and dominating personality:   ""Life's a bitch, and she has several sisters.""   This girl has a plan to get Alaric to notice her, but her best-laid plans go wildly awry when the two take a tension-filled business trip and basically spend 24/7 together. Emma rises to Alaric's challenges time after time, and I absolutely loved the slow build-up to their incredible sexy times together:   ""Denim in long expanses. Barely contours to his thighs. Thighs I have leaned against but not touched. Bare feet.   Barefoot! Put some shoes on, already! How am I supposed to look unaffected and asexual   with all this unfair fuckery happening?""   Emma is completely self-deprecating and really holds no illusions about the possibilities of a relationship with Alaric. I mean, he is rarely seen with the same woman twice.   ""God, I'm not in just in the neighborhood of pathetic, I'm circling the block.""   Alaric really grows and develops and begins to show a more human side and I loved that he was not just a one-dimensional character. My heart was literally in my throat by the end of the book. Qwen's writing style is incredibly fresh and unique and is a most welcome addition to the contemporary erotic romance genre. I adored the conclusion and I am demanding more from this author!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
47	adjudicated	good	** spoiler alert **   I absolutely loved the first book, but didn't think the series finished as strong as I would have liked.   Too many plot holes and things that didn't make sense. Maybe it was because it's supposed to be a children's book, but I didn't like things like how the harpies were so easily convince to change sides, how God's #2 is easily tricked by a little flirting, how Lyra & Will can suddenly easily lose their Daemons, and how two kids making love can save the universe.   On the other hand the book did make you think, and I suppose religious ideas are probably best challenged in a children's book :) I did like the Dante's Inferno-esque description of the world of the dead, and Pullman's description of angels and their roles was brilliant. Also, the descriptions of how things evolved differently in different worlds was very interesting - particularly the Mulefa's world and the descriptions of the Gallivespians. I'm usually not a tragedy fan, but I did think Lyra & Will being separated at the end was a romantic and appropriate ending.
239	adjudicated	average	3.5 Stars!!   Swoony, sweetly romantic, SEXY and very, very readable standalone in the Manwhore series! LOVED Tahoe Roth. He's not such a bad boy, after all! Gina is a relatable, very real heroine.   Add in an irresistible hero and perfectly romantic story, and this is a real-life fairytale come true.   (Copy provided by the publisher for an honest review.)
392	adjudicated	average	Vi Keeland is a favorite author of mine and I was excited to read her young adult romance written with Dylan Scott. Both sweet and sexy at the same time, Left Behind is a wonderful story of loss, strength, emotion and first love. The story is very engaging and the characters are very real. Nikki and Zack's story totally drew me in, and once I started, I read this book in one sitting.   Told in alternating POV's, which actually become one story, Left Behind tells the story of Nikki, who relocates to California after the death of her mother. Having lived a very lonely and sad life, she is apprehensive about starting over. But Nikki is very strong because she had to grow up at an early age. She doesn't want anyone's pity and just wants to be a normal teenager.   To her eyes, Zack lives an almost-perfect life, with a stable family and seemingly happy home life. But Zack has faced a terrible tragedy and is dealing with it in his own way. Angry and guilt-stricken, he is confused over his feelings for Nikki. There is a twist to this story that wasn't really a surprise, but I was literally holding my breath through most of this book, hoping against hope that nothing would come between Nikki and Zack!   The authors really hit a home run with Zack. He took my breath away! Zack is one incredibly sweet, romantic and sexy guy. I loved Zack and Nikki together. I also love how this book dealt with some very adult subjects in a very sensitive way. This book contained just the right mix of sexy romance and emotion. Combined with the inventive story, it is great young adult book.   (*ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
353	adjudicated	excellent	"What a passionate and intense love story!! Broken Juliet is THE perfect ending to Cassie and Ethan's epic journey.   I loved this book because it mixes both love and heartbreak seamlessly. I was so wrapped up in Cassie and Ethan's grand love story that I was thrown completely off-balance (just like Cassie!) when things would go wrong. And I loved every single minute of it!! The author once again switched between both past and present here, and while the back-and-forth can be jarring in some books, it worked perfectly here.   Broken Juliet picks up literally right where Bad Romeo ended. Ethan has broken Cassie's heart more than once and he is begging her for another chance. Cassie has finally moved on with her life and cannot believe that Ethan has finally changed and is open to really love her. One of the many, many things that I loved about this book is that it mixes in plenty of humor with the heartbreak and passion. Cassie is tentatively letting Ethan back into her life but she is trying her best to move slowly so her heart doesn't get trampled once again. Her inner monologue can be hilarious:   ""I can't drive. Is it cool for me to sleep on the couch?""   No. Get out before I mount you.   Broken Juliet is a heart-pounding, passionate love story above all else. Leisa's writing is flawless and the chemistry between her two main characters absolutely off the charts. I was so connected with Ethan and Cassie that I was on the edge of my seat reading this book. And when Ethan gives Cassie his journals to read? Perfection. Cassie finally understands what was going on inside Ethan's head when he left her in drama school years before. These two share a passion and a love that is undeniable and absolutely breathtaking:   ""This man represents so many things to me. He was my first true friend. My first love. First lover. The master of more pleasure than I knew existed, and the architect of more heartache than I thought I could endure.""   I also really loved the behind-the-scenes look into the world of theatre. I appreciated the author's insights into the world of stage actors and the acting process. Some of my favorite scenes take place when Ethan and Cassie are in drama school, these are soul-baring, painful and beautiful passages to read. I can't recommend this series highly enough and I am totally addicted to Ethan Holt!! Both books are out now, so get reading!   4.5 passionate and heart-pounding stars!!   Favorite quotes:   The thing about developing an addiction is that it happens so quietly, you don't know how much trouble you're in until it's too late. It tiptoes through the rooms of your mind and body, gently inserting hooks and strings into every cell, until you don't know where you end and it begins. And untangling that web is nearly impossible.   This is more than lust. It's even more than love. It's imperative. Mindless, bloody-minded need. I can't kiss him deep enough, or hold him close enough.   (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)"
342	adjudicated	good	"3.5 - 4 Stars!!   I enjoyed this hockey book a lot and recommend it for anyone who likes a good, hot sports story with a lot of heart. Alex is an incredibly gifted hockey player who comes from an abusive background which is now affecting his game and his relationship with his teammates.   As part of a penalty, he is required to volunteer at a local drug-abuse prevention program alongside the beautiful and selfless Sutton. She is different from the hockey groupies who throw themselves at him, but at first he is a total jerk to her. No matter. Sutton sees the wounded person inside and they begin to fall for each other, even as he tries to push her away emotionally.   ""I've been a prick far longer than I've been charming. You're seeing a new side to me, but you know the old is bound to come out.""   ""We all have days when our monsters come out, Alex. You're not going to scare me off if I see yours.""   Sutton is feisty and educated and sees through Alex's B.S. She, too, comes from a dysfunctional family but unlike Alex, she has a positive outlook and is very close to her family. Will she be able to bring out the best in Alex and help him overcome his past demons? This book has more layers than a typical sports romance story and the characters really grew on me. I loved the hockey scenes and the steam factor between these two is AMAZING.   I have one tiny issue with this story, and I have found that it is not just unique to this book. Why can't a heroine be on birth control because she doesn't want to get pregnant? Why does it have to be to regulate her periods? This did not affect my enjoyment of the book, I am just surprised to see this recur over and over again in books. Overall, I really like the author's writing style. Alex is a sweetly sexy story with a heroine who is no pushover. It is a quick, romantic read with a VERY satisfactory conclusion. I actually found myself tearing up near the end! I also LOVED the other team members and I know they will have some great stories, too.   (*ARC provided in return for an honest review.)"
278	adjudicated	good	"SMOKING hot, funny and surprisingly endearing! Elle Kennedy writes the wittiest banter around. I really loved this story and Dean is absolutely irresistible!   The Score follows two characters from Elle's earlier books. Allie is a drama major and Dean is studying law. Allie may be my favorite Elle Kennedy heroine so far! She is smart, funny, and yes, emotional. At first I thought she was a little weak, coming off of her break-up with her boyfriend, but this girl knows what she wants and isn't afraid to go after it!   And DEAN...well, lets just say he started off with a bang for me, literally, plus I am one of those readers who loves a cocky guy! Dean comes from a wealthy family and he has certain expectations placed on him...what courses he'll study, what profession he'll go into...his whole life is mapped out for him. But he is HILARIOUS (hello, Twilight reference?) and on top of his sexiness, he is a sweet, caring guy. When he started coaching the kids' hockey team... well, let's just say I was a goner at that point. Oh, and did I mention Dean is a dirty-talker? YES, PLEASE!   ""I though you said you didn't want to salsa dance. And Dean De Laurentis only does what he wants, remember?""   He shrugs. ""I am doing what I want.""   My eyebrows knit together as I wait for him to clarify.   ""I'm making you happy.""   Allie and Dean seem mismatched but guess what, they fit together perfectly! What's starts off as a sex-with-no-strings relationship of course turns into much more...but that is the beauty of Elle Kennedy's writing. There is nothing predictable here and there are tons of twists and turns along the way to Dean and Allie's HEA. With lots of witty banter and funny dialogue, smoking-hot sex and a little angst, THE SCORE is a fresh and modern romance that I devoured. I adored Dean and Allie together and can't wait for the next book! (What? Did you say Tucker?)   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
291	adjudicated	average	"loved this book! Sarina Bowen is a new author to me and this is the first book I have read in the Ivy Years Series. It is a standalone but now I am a huge fan so I plan to read the other books in this series.   Bella is a strong heroine and Rafe is totally swoon worthy. In this story, he is the virginal one and Bella is the one who enjoys sex and is not afraid to be the bold one. Hpw refreshing! The Shameless Hour is funny, sexy and heartbreaking all at once. Sarina takes some serious themes and incorporates them seamlessly into her story but gives her characters a fantastic HEA.   Rafe is a hot soccer player who catches Bella's eye but who is inexperienced with women. He is a hard-working student from a close-knit family, quite the opposite of Bella. He is a wonderful character who is honest, trustworthy and gorgeous. But he doesn't just want a one-night stand with Bella.   ""Bella's enthusiasm had obliterated all of my caution. She wanted me. And I could no longer think of any reason why I couldn't have this.""   Bella is a surprisingly strong and funny heroine who is not afraid to be herself and is unapologetic about her sexuality. She is funny and sexy and I absolutely loved her! Sarina Bowen writes a memorable female character who has grit, backbone and smarts. She is wildly attracted to Rafe but refuses to have a relationship with him because, well, she just doesn't do relationships. But Rafe is persistent and these two build a solid friendship along with their very explosive chemistry. Will Rafe convince Bella that he is worth the risk? Will Bella be able to overcome the reputation that seems to follow her around school? Read The Shameless Hour, you will love the funny dialogue, great story and strong characters that Sarina Bowen has created.   ""All good things are risky""...   I already miss Rafe and Bella! And now I must read the other books in The Ivy Years because I need more of these stories!   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)"
318	adjudicated	good	"4.5 STUNNING STARS!!   ""You make hell feel like heaven, Blaire.""   WOW!!!! This series is one of the most readable series out there. Mia Asher is why I read contemporary romance. From the first page to the every last word, I was hooked, invested in the story and emotionally connected to the characters. If you have read the first book, EASY VIRTUE, then you know that Blaire is then between two men, Ronan and Lawrence. Who will win her heart? Will either of them?   Tonight I let a man f* my brains out so he could eradicate a different man from my heart. I've done it before but, this time, it didn't work. Ronan was everywhere. In every kiss and every touch. He still is.   Ronan and Lawrence. Two irresistible men, both owning part of Blaire's heart, but in different ways. I can't decide which one I loved more, the author did an outstanding job creating two men who both stole my heart. Although Blaire and Lawrence's relationship was originally based on an arrangement for sex only, he became someone who Blaire could really fall in love with. But there's Ronan, always Ronan, on her mind and in her heart.   Ronan has become embittered, jaded and filled with hate for Blaire. But the fantastic way in which the author tells the story here in multiple POV's had me racing through the story to see where it would end up. I did not want poor Ronan to be so bitter! He tries to erase Blaire from his mind but she is always there.   When my lips touch hers , she closes her eyes and gives in to the kiss. I don't. I can't. And I f*king hate myself for it because even though I'm kissing this woman, it's Blaire who I taste.   I absolutely LOVED the conclusion to this story. It is rare for me to love a sequel as much as the first book but SWEETEST VENOM is pure gold. I applaud Mia Asher for the ending she gave to her characters here and dare I even hope that there could be more books with some of these characters? I will never forget Blaire, Ronan and Lawrence.   ""There's the stubborn streak that I love so much. But be careful or it will be your downfall.""   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
305	adjudicated	poor	4.5 heart-pounding stars!! Malcolm Kyle Preston Logan Saint is quite the sexy alpha!! I need more, asap. I know there is much more to Saint than meets the eye. This is one of Katy's best books. Full review to come closer to release day!
269	adjudicated	good	"4.5 - 5 DARK STARS!!   Freedom.   I had it.   But then, I lost it.   This is Pepper Winters are her VERY darkest, very close in tone to the fantastic Monsters in the Dark Series but even darker!! Be warned that the first half of this book is quite grim, and follows the imprisonment of young Tasmin (now called Pim) at the hands of a sadistic monster. There is scene after scene of graphic physical abuse (along with sexual abuse.) The Indebted Series (one of my favorite series ever) might not even be as dark as Pennies. As much as I absolutely adore Q and Jethro, I have high hopes for the mysterious and ruthless Elder Prest!! But don't be fooled, he is as black-hearted as they come and explicitly warns Pim that he is no hero.   I wasn't a nice man.   I was a tormentor. A killer. A thief.   And I wanted to steal her courage drop by fucking drop.   After all this darkness in Pennies, I just KNOW that Pepper Winters will craft an unforgettable romance between Prest and Pim, as only she can do. After all, a very wise author told me that you ""gotta start dark to enjoy the light.""   The writing is excellent as always, very suspenseful and very descriptive and yet never revealing too much about Prest or about the future storyline. The ending left me hopeful and wanting more. I can't wait to finish this dark journey with Prest and Pim!   (With thanks to the author for a review copy.)"
70	adjudicated	average	This book was pure Gold - it was impossible to put down, and its clear to see why its a classic. Watching Holmes apply his methods to each case and unravel it to the eternaly baffled Watson was entertaining and even inspiring. I only wish I was as smart as Sherlock. I actually think we can all learn a lot from Sherlock - even if he is fictional :)   Some other interesting things I learned:   - sherlock only says 'elementary' once   - sherlock does cocaine when bored in between cases . I guess it wasn't such a big deal back then?   - one caper delved into the history of the Mormons, which was very interesting
456	adjudicated	good	This is a SIZZLING hot, really well written story that might be one of the steamiest books I have ever read. I believe that there is a 30-page long sex scene! Give or take a few pages. This is part of the Wicked Lovers series but it really can be read as a standalone. The characters are believable, the guys are HOT, and the story is incredibly engrossing. This is one of those books where the title really says it all.   I LOVE menage books and Shayla Black has written one of the most memorable menage stories I have ever read. With the fantastic D/s elements, this is a wonderful book and I highly recommend it. Nothing is rushed and I felt an emotional connection with the characters. I loved everything about this book! Shayla Black has become one of my go-to authors for erotic romance. I am usually not a fan of suspense elements in my romance books but I loved this story and highly recommend this book.   (Copy provided by the author in exchange for an honest review.)
466	adjudicated	average	"Perfect!!   The publisher very graciously sent me a copy of this gorgeous book to review. From the minute I opened this book, I remembered why I LOVE Travis Maddox so much. This story brought me back to those treasured times when I would get lost in a book! A Beautiful Wedding answers all the questions you might have about the circumstances surrounding Travis and Abby's wedding. It is funny, it is tender, it is swoon-worthy and yes, I cried several times during the story!   Jamie McGuire is such a great writer that I immediately re-connected with these characters and was drawn right back into their story. This novella can definitely be read in one sitting but I kind of wanted to draw it out because I love Travis so much. This fantastic story is a must-read for all fans of the Beautiful Disaster series!   Favorite lines:   ""We only got one shot at a wedding night, and I wanted it to be perfect.""   ""A Maddox boy will take you all the way to the edge, but if you go with him, he'll follow you anywhere.""   ""If you're not with me, it's not where I want to be.""   (A copy was provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review.)"
155	adjudicated	average	3.5 Stars   'The Protector' is a perfectly enjoyable, sexy, fast-paced story.   While it perhaps did not live up to JEM's superb story-telling potential, it was nonetheless am interesting and super-sexy story. I loved how the author presented another side to the heroine Camille: to the world, she is a rich, spoiled socialite. But she is actually smart and very ambitious and determined to build her own business from the ground up. She made lots of mistakes in the past, and some of those mistakes might be coming back to haunt her now.   Jake is PURE Alpha, a former SAS sniper who suffers from PTSD. Camille does not want his protection, AT ALL, but her father hires Jake to make sure that Camille is safe. Jake is also haunted by his own personal demons, but sees his job with Camille as a chance at redemption.   JEM remains one of my auto-buy authors. Her 'This Man' series is without question among my top favorite books of all time! And I absolutely fell in love with Miller in the 'One Night' series, another series that I HIGHLY recommend. Both Jesse and Miller are uber-Alphas beyond compare.   So I thought 'The Protector' had lots of sizzling sex scenes and very fast-paced action along with a mystery story as well. While this is not my favorite JEM story, definitely give the one a try if you love this kind of contemporary romance!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
83	adjudicated	poor	After the first read, this book is the worst one in the Harry Potter series. Characters are not as likeable as they are in the other books. However, I recently reread it (after reading book 6), and found it to be a very good read.
478	adjudicated	average	4.5 stars!! Fantastic story with depth, steam and heart. I picked up Jake Undone and was immediately drawn into the story, without knowing too much about the author or the characters. I recommend reading Gemini first but I don't think it's 100% necessary. Jake and Nina captivated me from the the first page. They begin in the friend zone as roommates but it's clear there is so much more to Jake than he is revealing to Nina. He is hot, tatted, passionate, and surprise, an engineer! Nina is beautiful but filled with phobias which Jake helps her overcome.   These two have amazing chemistry, and the story is totally captivating! This book was a complete surprise. Jake and Nina's sexy times are absolutely incredible. The story has two major plot twists (yes, two!) which completely took me by surprise. The author has created a very memorable book boyfriend in Jake. And the dual POV's are perfect. I am so happy to have found Jake, Nina and author Penelope Ward and look forward to her next book!
173	adjudicated	average	Villains were created, not born. That was something I'd come to know as a fact.   Fans of the Rosemary Beach series will love this book. I have read most of the books in this series and have loved some more than others, and in Up In Flames, Abbi Glines throws in lots of surprises! This book is VERY different from the other books in the series!! I was so excited for Nan's book and to see how in the world the author was going to redeem this very unloveable, vengeful character. And she did it!!   Nan has been the villain in this series, cold, spiteful and generally a bad person. The only person who ever seemed to care for her was her brother Rush. I devoured this book in one sitting daily because of Gannon. OMG is he hot!! There are two men vying for Nan's heart in this book and I was so glad I didn't read any spoilers. The author surprised me here with some very wild and explicit sex scenes. I also loved how Nan seemed to finally make peace with her family, especially with those she has been so cruel to in the past. And yes, Nanette does get her happy ending!!! This is a sexy, fast-paced read, perfect for a summer beach read. Lots of surprises in this one. Thanks, Abbi, for finally making Nan into a character I could actually care about!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
322	adjudicated	good	"Crying!! From laughter. This book would make a great movie!   Alice Clayton writes funny. sexy, adult romantic comedies. There's plenty of steam and always just the right amount of emotional tension to deliver a good, light, satisfying read.   Mai Tai'd Up is the story of Chloe and Lucas. This is a standalone and although Chloe was mentioned in Screwdrivered, you do not need to read the previous books! You can dive right in, and you will enjoy the story.   Chloe is a ""runaway bride"" and realizes that she was not in love with her fiancee. Much to the horror of her very proper family, she picks up and moves away to begin a whole new chapter in her life. Her passion is reuse animals and she opens a rescue center for pit bulls. And that brings her to the handsome veterinarian in town, Lucas.   The two begin a flirtation and and Chloe really begins to fall for Lucas. I mean, who wouldn't? A sexy vet? Hello! I loved their scenes together, and their relationship was a slow-build. There is one thing that Lucas can't stand, and when he finds out about Chloe's almost-trip to the altar, things blow up.   I absolutely loved how independent and feisty Chloe was. She is no wallflower! She's smart and no pushover. Often heroines can be kind of a door mat but not Chloe. And there are plenty of really funny moments in this book to go along with the swoon-y romance. Overall I highly recommend this book for anyone looking for a fresh, fun and breezy read. Alice Clayton really knows how to deliver a well-written, well-paced story. Oh, and this is a great book for dog lovers!   Favorite quote:   Here's the thing about an enormous penis. They don't just live in romance novels ...   ""Pardon me?"" he finally said, his hands frozen on my hips, his lips halfway down my neck.   ""Sorry. Actually, not sorry. Actually, congratulations."" I pointed down. ""This is kind of amazing.""   He threw his head back and laughed out loud.   (*ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)"
91	adjudicated	average	3.5 Stars   This was my first book by Jeannine Colette and I really enjoyed it! Nothing too over the top here, just a sweet and sexy small-town romance featuring one hot cop and a feisty heroine.   Leah is determined to own the bar where she works and I loved that aspect of the book. The author also seems to have a wicked sense of humor which shows in the funny banter and the hilarious Matthew McConaughey references. Leah lost her first love to an overdose, and he also happened to be Adam's best friend - Adam, the rigid, by-the-book policeman who seems determined to punish Leah for her past mistakes.   Adam is charitable and gorgeous and kind and protective. He has made it his mission in life to rid the town of narcotics. When Leah is sentenced to community service under Adam's supervision, the sparks begin to fly.   Even though the setting is in the Midwest, this story has almost a sassy, Southern feel to it, reminiscent of Abbi Glines and Harper Sloan's early books. I love a blue-collar hero and Luke fits the bill perfectly!   Adam was cold and harsh and downright mean for much of the story, until Leah begins to break through to him. The chemistry between these two was HOT HOT HOT! I applaud Ms. Colette for her strong and sassy heroine and absolutely loved Leah. She wasn't just a party girl and earns the respect of everyone around her. 'Wrecked' is a funny, sexy, small-town romance that is a great way to spend a few hours.   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
181	adjudicated	average	"Ahhh, is there anything sweeter than second-chance love? I think not! K. Bromberg once again delivers with this sexy-sweet, second-chance love story with all new characters. The settings, the story, the characters...I simply fell in love with Hayes and Saylor!!   The author is one of my top go-to contemporary romance authors and 'Sweet Cheeks' is a perfect example of her easy, romantic and sexy writing style.   Saylor recently called off her engagement and is shocked when she receives an invitation to her former fiancee's wedding. She is a smart, driven businesswoman who owns her own bakery. What is she to do? While not one to engage in unnecessary drama, she finds herself in an unusual ""situation"" after her assistant accidentally replies that she will be attending the wedding. With a guest!   She is convinced to attend the destination wedding and to bring as her ""plus-1"" her old love, Hayes Whitely. Oh but guess what: he is now a Hollywood superstar, having abandoned Saylor years ago without a word when he left for Hollywood. Why on earth would she even consider this crazy idea?! But Hayes is VERY convincing and off they go to the tropics. A part of Saylor does want to show off to her ex, but she realizes that she could wind up getting her heart stomped on in a big way.   Hayes may be a well-known actor, but Saylor was his true love. Can he ever make amends for what he did, and win back Sailor's trust? And love?   Even at the age of seventeen, Hayes could kiss in a way that made me feel like I'd just laid every part of my soul on the line when his lips left mine.   If you are looking for a breezy, sexy, adult romance with a strong heroine and a sweet and sexy hero who just won't give up (and who happens to be the best friend of the heroine's brother!!), then 'Sweet Cheeks' is for you!   The way I see it , sometimes things happen in life and love's put on hold. But if someone's your soulmate, nothing is going to stop you from together in the end.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
415	adjudicated	good	"6 STARS!!!!   This book HOOKED me from the first page until the very end. The author has given me another great love with M, and the story to me was every bit as gripping and gut-wrenching as Jesse and Ava's story. I was SO excited to read an early copy of this book!! One Night: Promised is a 6-star read for me and it is NOT to be missed.   Livy is a very relatable woman, a bit of an underachiever but working hard to put her past dysfunctional family life behind her. She leads a rather quiet and sad life. At first, she resists the mysterious stranger who visits her coffee shop, but M is nothing if not persistent and she finds herself accepting his very risky proposition - spend just one glorious night together.   ""I know a bad thing when I see it, and standing behind me is a man who could crush my logic.""   M is HOT and if you think this is a standard romance story, you are WRONG. M is nuanced, damaged, and yes, ultimately very lovable and Livy falls hard. This book has a TON of twists and heart-stopping turns so this review will be spoiler-free. The story is filled with fantastic, memorable characters including a wonderful supporting cast of friends and the amazing, funny and incorrigible Nan, Livy's grandmother.   Livy has blocked off her emotions for a very long time but she cannot resist M's no-strings-attached proposition. He makes her feel alive, BUT she does push back at certain points in the story which I found to be very believable and true to her character. M has many, many faults, and he turns out to be a very flawed, very human character. I fell in love with him immediately.   ""I've always tried to keep my life simple, but now I'm craving a complication - a tall, dark-haired, mysterious complication.""   I absolutely LOVED the gentlemanly, ""formal"" side of M. It fit in perfectly with his personality. This book has a slow build to it but you will be generously rewarded by sticking to the story. The author   thrilled me to my very soul by the end of the book. M to me is a actually a very loving person, wrapped up in a stunningly handsome, rather cold exterior. He makes makes a real effort to be close to Livy, to treasure her and care for her in his own way.   ""Beautiful things should be savored, Livy, not rushed.""   Overall, One Night: Promised is one of my top reads of the year so far. I absolutely cannot wait for November!!   ""Each and every moment will be etched on that beautiful mind of yours forever. Every kiss. Every touch. Every word.""   *ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.   Check out our interview with Jodi Ellen Malpas at The Book Bellas"
313	adjudicated	average	"4.5 Stars!!   Silas and Charlie's epic journey continues! I'm a huge fan of this series and Part 2 did not disappoint! Another fantastically thrilling and creative story from Colleen Hoover and Tarryn Fisher.   ""Never forget, Charlie.   Never stop.""   NEVER NEVER PART TWO is another completely gripping and thrilling story that continues literally from where Part One left off. The characters continue to enthrall and the plot continues to thicken in the second installment of this very strange tale. Ms. Hoover and Ms. Fisher are two of my favorite authors so it is no surprise that I loved this book and read it in just one sitting.   The feeling of disorientation continued in this story and I could not wait to see where Silas and Charlie's journey would go. Alas... more questions are raised and only a few answers are revealed. To me, this is not a paranormal story even though there are elements of what might be the supernatural here. I was very surprised by the turn of events here and I cannot wait to get my hands on the next story.   We again have both POVs, which flowed perfectly and added to my enjoyment of the book. Leave it to these two authors to both grip my heartstrings with Silas and Charlie's story, and leave me feeling like I stepped off a roller-coaster ride, all at the same time.   As you can see, these books are not standalones but if you like a twisty, thrilling, beautifully-written story, then don't miss Never Never. I absolutely adore this series and need the conclusion, like, NOW!!"
279	adjudicated	good	Please please please don't let there be typos in the finished book like there are in the Goodreads summary!!
382	adjudicated	average	"Suspenseful doesn't even begin to describe this book. DO NOT DISTURB is a thrilling, dark, sexy and fast-paced story with a twist! If you are looking for a dark, smart and erotic story, then DO NOT DISTURB is the book for you.   This book is the sequel to THE GIRL IN 6E, a fantastic and surprising story which I recommend that you read immediately!! The author continues the story of Deanna in DO NOT DISTURB and her story is intertwined with another character who might, just might, be as dark and disturbed as she is. But where Deanna tries her best to keep her dark nature hidden away and under control (barely), this new character does not. He is plain evil. The author has done a masterful job at building suspense and anticipation in this book and the plot twists are fantastic. This is a smart and twisted book and definitely NOT for the faint of heart.   Deanna is faced with danger here in the form of an unhappy client. Will he outsmart the brilliant Deanna and pierce the layers of protection she has built of around her? Will Deanna finally find some semblance of normalcy with the sexy and understanding Jeremy? Once again, the author writes a brilliant story that answers all these questions without talking down to the reader and without coming to any false conclusions. The tensions are high and the sexy times are brilliantly erotic. I haven't stopped thinking about these characters! I amy dying (well, not literally) for another book in this series!! Don't miss DO NOT DISTURB, it is a must-read book that will keep you on the edge of your seat!!   Favorite quote:   ""Life is never a precious as when it is threatened.""   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
473	adjudicated	excellent	"A lush, sensual, erotic and suspenseful story that is at once poignant and dangerous. Another must-read from.SR and easily one of my top reads of 2015!!   To say that I was ecstatic to read this book is an understatement.   The Raven has everything I love about Sylvain Reynard's writing and more. Lyrical, erotic, sensual and mysterious, The Raven begins another addictive series with the introduction of Raven and the Prince. This book is a must-read!!   Professor Emerson and his wife do appear here, but Raven and the Prince are themselves insanely fascinating. Even if you are not a huge fan of paranormal stories, this book is a must read for the thrilling story and lush, intensely sexual scenes. We are introduced to the Prince, leader of the City of Florence, who is at once cold and calculating but beautiful in his own right. He cannot stay away from Raven and feels compelled to help her again and again. He sees in her virtue and goodness, and she awakens long-dormant feelings that he never believed he could have, even at his own peril.   ""I'm afraid that trouble is not what you do. Trouble is what you are.""   Raven is an unlikely heroine and I fell in love with her! She is damaged goods, inside and out, and her painful history is hinted at and then ultimately explained. She is an extremely sympathetic character and I cannot wait to read more about her in the next book. The Prince, too, is surprised at his attraction to her; might she lead him to redemption and true love?   ""In many ways, we are the most perfect match. We see each other as we are, but neither of us views the other as broken.""   I am not articulate enough to adequately describe the virtues of this book! Part art history lesson, part paranormal romance, part erotica, it is a must read for all fans of Gabriel's Inferno - and even for those readers new to the series. This book can be read as a standalone but is best understood after having read the GI series. The Raven is engrossing, suspenseful, sexy and and yes, humorous. Do not miss this book! And while it has a a fabulous conclusion, there is much, much more to come for these characters and I cannot wait for more!!   Favorite quote:   ""You are my greatest virtue and my deepest vice."""
363	adjudicated	excellent	"4.5 Stars!!   Sexy and totally addictive. Sustained is written in the unique Emma Chase style that I love! Ms. Chase ""returns to her roots"" in this super-sexy and funny story with lots of heart.   Ms. Chase really nails the male POV in SUSTAINED and she had me literally laughing out loud at Jake's inner monologue. He's a player, never letting his one-night stands stay past their first cup of morning coffee, and acting quite happy about the way his life is arranged.   ""If you're my date, stick to what will turn you on. I'm not a therapist or Prince Charming - and I don't pretend to be.""   Until Chelsea and her brood of six come crashing into his well-structured life, Jake never dreamed he'd be remotely interested in a relationship, let alone a ready-made family of six. Now I am not usually a fan of kids in my romance books. I have two big ones and let's just say I prefer a little escapism in my reading. But Ms. Chase makes the kids here such an integral part of the story that they were a delight to experience. There's no ridiculous babble or baby-talk but there are some tough scenes about raising teens, bullying and even just trying to find a moment alone with your significant other in the middle of chaos.   But SUSTAINED is at its best when Jake does the talking (or thinking!). Before he meets Chelsea, really all he wants is a warm body and some meaningless sex. A brief dry spell at the beginning of the story led to some of my favorite quotes:   ""...You and Hanna are going to be monogamous for a while.""   My eyes squint, 'cause I have no idea what he's saying.   ""Hanna who?""   He waves his palm. ""Hanna Hand.""   Emma Chase writes some of best male POV's I have ever read. I absolutely loved how Jake evolved in this book from a callous playboy to a guy who realizes what's important in life. This book is expertly written, with a beautiful story, tons of steam and witty, fast-paced dialogue. Highly recommended!!   Favorite quote:   She frowns back. ""And you sound like you don't respect philosophy very much.""   ""All philosophical questions can be answered with one concise statement.""   Chelsea refills her glass. ""Which is?""   ""'Who gives a fuck?'""   She laughs, and it's an amazing sound.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
325	adjudicated	average	"4.5 stars!!   Maybe Not is the funny, sexy and un-put-downable story of Warren and Bridgette and their sometimes rocky and always passionate road from enemies to lovers. This is a novella spin-off of MAYBE SOMEDAY and must, must, must be read after MAYBE SOMEDAY, which by the way is one of my all-time favorites and is not to be missed. There is a major spoiler in this story that will take away a bit from your enjoyment of Maybe Someday if you are a first-time reader.   Once again, Colleen delivers a fresh, perfectly-written, intense and witty storyline that kept me reading well into the night. Warren can't stand his new roommate Bridgette at first, but their constant bickering, fighting and pranking quickly turns into something more:   ""Oh, my God. I'm obsessed.   I'm like a stalker.   I am a stalker.""   ""She's so confusing, She's so frustrating. She's so damn unpredictable.   She's nothing I've ever wanted in a girl. And absolutely everything I need.""   I'm kinda obsessed with Colleen's characters and Maybe Not is no excerption. The dialogue and the story are flawless and remind me once again why I will read anything this woman writes. Oh, and there's also plenty of steam in this one to please every romance reader. Enjoy!"
432	adjudicated	average	"4.5 stars!! Ridge was much more than I expected, and I really loved this book! We first met Ridge in Wild (Book #1) but this is a standalone book, and you do not need to read Wild first.   Ridge slept with his brother's fiancee Mia, but they really never intended to hurt anyone. They really love each other but Ridge is consumed by guilt over his relationship with his brother, so he suddenly breaks up with Mia in an effort to repair his relationship with his brother. Ridge battled addictions most of his life, and breaking up with Mia sends him into a downward spiral. He had a very, very rough past, including drugs and spending time in juvenile detention, among other things.   Ridge has now become a successful restaurant owner but his pain over Mia pulls him into a very, very dark place. He tries to have other relationships but no one can compare to Mia. Even when he was a jerk to everyone, I loved him! He was never intentionally hurtful and really wanted to make things right.   Mia had every right not to care about Ridge, but even after he broke her heart, she really tries to do the right thing. I loved how she was a multi-dimensional character and seemed very ""real"" to me.   Oh, and the sex! It is HOT AS HELL . I mean, really dirty, scorching hot sex scenes. I applaud you Ms. Wild! I literally read this book in a few hours. It is the kind of book where you can't tear your eyes away from what is happening in front of you. If you like a down-and-dirty story with flawed characters, you will love Ridge.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
348	adjudicated	good	Skye Warren is my go-to author for dark, sexy, richly-written erotica. Annika Martin is a new author to me and now I want to read all of her books, too! As with all of Skye's books, the hero Grayson (yes, he is a hero to me) is darkly sexy, dangerous, forbidden and completely overpowering. He knows his power and attraction and he uses it against those weaker than him. Unfortunately it is a survival skill he learned at a very young age. Abigail meets him in prison when she is picked to teach a writing course to the inmates. But very quickly she realizes that Grayson is dangerously attractive, untrustworthy and dishonest. Or is he?   This book literally kept be turning the pages until the middle of the night. There is no right and wrong in this book, only two extremely damaged and vulnerable people who quickly become the target of a massive manhunt. Prisoner takes one thrilling turn after another, and Abigail, who fought Grayson with all her might, slowly realizes that all is not as it seems.   I loved Abigail's bravery in the face of absolute and complete danger. At first it seems as though Grayson would just as soon kill her than f*** her. But as with all for Skye's books (and I will assume Annika's books as well), this intensely sexual man is struggling with his own inner demons. Grayson makes no apologies for his actions. But will he and Abby survive all of the forces out to destroy them.   I couldn't put this book down. The prose is perfect and the story thrilling, sexy and even tender and heartbreaking at times. It is told in alternating point-of-views which gives great insight into Grayson's motivations. I was devastated to see this story end and I can only hope that the authors intend to write more stories including Grayson's crew. I absolutely loved Prisoner. It is gritty, raw, sexy, very layered and nuanced. Highly recommended.
87	adjudicated	excellent	"4.5 Kinky Stars!!   Eve Dangerfield continues to delight with this verrrrrrry kinky and totally filthy story! But she also manages to be funny, heartfelt and utterly original. Highly recommend!   ""Everyone is weird, Kate, we're the perfect kind of weird for each other.""   Yes, this book is about Daddy kink and it is oh so perfect! Eve Dangerfield writes smart, funny, nuanced characters which is what makes this story so readable. Kate is a young professional who has hidden her sexual fantasies away in shame. The focus of her current obsession is her boss, Ty, a 45 year old gruff, sexy former firefighter who pushes all her buttons.   ""Her obsession wasn't even original. Everyone had a crush on Tyler Henderson. Women, gay men, straight men, more perceptive animals. It was like having a crush on a Hemsworth brother--it made you basic as hell.   But she thinks Ty can't stand her because he can barely stand to be in the same room as her. He never speaks to her, calls her by her work nickname, and is generally just an all-around grouch. But...but...she's actually perfect for him! Because you see, Ty has always craved D/lg kink but has also hidden it away in shame, settling for unsatisfying relationships that make him feel empty and wanting more.   ""Ty didn't think Middleton was a great girl. He thought Middleton was a pain in the ass. Waltzing around with her shiny hair and long legs and her throaty voice, being cuter than a fistful of buttons. Where did she get off?   This book is filled with SO much hotness and hilarity and dirty talk that I couldn't believe what I was reading! But the story is SO engaging that I fell in love with Ty from the very first page. And the letter he writes to Kate!! OMG. *Faints*   Ty and Kate are so perfect together but only Kate is brave enough to be honest with Ty and her feelings. I LOVED how she accepted what she wanted and who she was and never wavered. Ty was another story. He denied his true desires and felt shame for what he wanted.   ""Wanting to fuck his pretty employee was biology, wanting to cherish her was something else. Something much worse.   This book is refreshingly funny which balances out the incredibly steamy and passionate scenes. Eve Dangerfield is fearless! And I loved how Kate was far from perfect BUT she was perfect for Ty just the way she was.   Ty glared at her. ""Think you're funny, don't you, Middleton?""   ""Yes.""   ""Well we'll see how fucking funny you are when your ass is on fire.""   This book is set in Australia so it is filled with slang and I did have to look up a few phrases here and there. Please read the book description and if does not sound like your cup of tea, then do not read this one. BUT if you are enamored with D/lg kink, as I am, then by all means read 'Act Your Age'! It is pure, growly Alpha-male goodness through and through. I can't wait to see what Eve Dangerfield dreams up next!   What he and Middleton shared had gravity, it would pull her back toward him as surely as the moon pulled at the ocean tides.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
76	adjudicated	poor	I loved this book. I agree with Elizabeth - the movie wasn't close. Something about Nicholas Cage trying to do an italian accent?
439	adjudicated	excellent	"FRENCHED was a deliciously sexy, fun and funny romantic story!! I read this in one day and was literally transported to the City of Light in this wonderfully written and HOT story.   Mia is almost left at the altar (her fiancee calls off the wedding a week before by text message) and she is completely depressed, especially since she is an event planner and used to making detailed, well-thought-out lists for EVERYTHING (even down to the outfits she is going to wear each day).   ""Top Five Reasons (Out of 100) I Am NEVER Coming Out Of This Blanket Fort""   Mia is not a spontaneous person at all but ends up traveling alone to Paris on what would have been her honeymoon. What sounds like it might be a cliche story turns out to be SO much more as she meets a scruffy bartender, Lucas, who makes a bet with her that leads to them sightseeing together all over the city.   This is a very, very funny book and is told from Mia's POV. It is a total escapist story and I absolutely loved every minute of it. Lucas is smart, kind, sensitive and not at all like the type of man Mia thought she would be attracted to. He breaks all the molds but he, too, has some hang-ups of his own.   Their chemistry is AMAZING, and I wanted more, more, more!! This is a standalone book but I will say that I really would like to read more of Lucas and Mia's story. There is also a wonderful supporting cast of characters so maybe we will read more about them in the future? (Hint, hint!)   This is a perfect, sexy little gem of a book. I highly recommend it.   (Copy provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
16	adjudicated	good	"Mark Watney is a steely-eyed missile man. A man's man. A badass mechanical engineer botanist astronaut who is stranded on Mars during a Nasa mission gone wrong, and left to fend for himself. I listened to this on audio on a roadtrip, and it flew by - what a fun story. Not surprised at all it's being made into a movie directed by Ridley Scott starring Matt Damon. Also pretty amazing is that it was self-published.   There were two great things about this book: the humor and the science. The science appealed to the mechanical engineer in me - Watney is a bit like McGyver except he knows a lot more about chemistry and botany. I didn't double-check all the science, but loved the descriptions of all the math: calorie calculations, creating water, etc. Just fun stuff.   But the humor was top notch. Weir does a great job portraying a stranded man trying to remain upbeat by talking to himself in log entries. And the excellent audio narrator only made it better.   ""I started the day with some nothin' tea. Nothin' tea is easy to make. First, get some hot water, then add nothin'.""   ""Yes, of course duct tape works in a near-vacuum. Duct tape works anywhere. Duct tape is magic and should be worshiped.""   ""Live Another Sol would be an awesome name for a James Bond movie.""   In the end, a well told story of survival against the odds. And one of belief - I liked the CNN Mark Watney watch - you could totally imagine how into this story the media would get. We humans love a good surviving against the odds story."
250	adjudicated	poor	3.5 Stars   First book by this author, not what I expected! Lots of swoony romance plus lots of drama. Loved the strong heroine, she saved the day for me! Also loved the very hot sexy times. Full review to come shortly.
434	adjudicated	average	4.5 stars! Maverick. Yes, please!   This novel starts off with a bang and hooked me from the first page. Maverick is a HOT AS HELL Navy SEAL, a womanizer but determined to change for Windsor. Their relationship is romantic, sweet, scorching hot and challenging. There is a great cast of supporting characters and the story is very engaging. There is also just the right amount of angst. Crazy Good is the perfect book when you want a steamy read with some sweet romance and emotion thrown in. I LOVED Mav!!   Rachel Robinson is an author to watch and I look forward to reading more from her!
20	adjudicated	average	"My wife suggested I read this book, and I resisted for a while as my impression of it somehow was ""not for me"" - but I was wrong! I'm glad she finally convinced me, because it was fun and I couldn't put it down after I got ~20% in.   Bernadette moved to Seattle from LA, abandons her career as an architect to have kids, hates Seattle, and basically loses it over the course of the book. The book was fun and written a light, humorous tone - from making fun of Seattle and Microsoft, the obsession of parents and how serious they take themselves (I loved how she called the other parents ""gnats""), to how she hires a virtual assistant in India.   But the most fun part of the book is just how wacky Bernadette is. You really do have to make life fun - it won't do it for you.   ""That's right,' she told the girls. 'You are bored. And I'm going to let you in on a little secret about life. You think it's boring now? Well, it only gets more boring. The sooner you learn it's on you to make life interesting, the better off you'll be."""
323	adjudicated	excellent	"6 STARS!!!   Brilliant!! It took me a while to gather my thoughts on this story. I don't even know what to say about this book other than it was fan-freaking-tastic. Beth Flynn is a master storyteller. Let me stop right here and say that if you have not read Nine Minutes, you must must must read that book before starting this one. OUT OF TIME is filled with spoilers as well as a huge cast of characters that will have your head spinning if you have not yet read the first book.   The events that occur in OOT are absolutely mind-boggling. Cathy and I both thought we knew where this story would go, but believe me, even in our wildest imaginations, we never could have guessed the twists and turns that occurred in this book.   We are both huge Grizz fans. I loved him even more after reading the flashback scenes and learning about this childhood (such as it was.) His devotion/obsession with Ginny was more fully explained and the use of flashbacks was perfection.   A word about that: Cathy is a tough reader, almost impossible to please, and she LOVED this book! She actually called it ""perfect""! And that word sums up Beth Flynn's storytelling ability. Every character in Out of Time is essential, there are no throwaway scenes, and absolutely no unnecessary drama. Make no mistake, this book is violent, it is gritty but it is unbelievable gripping, intense and sexy.   My heart broke several times over while reading this story. And while I am a GFFL (Grizz Fan for Life!), Beth Flynn did an amazing job with Grunt's character. His love for Ginny is endless. This is the kind of book that must be savored, re--read and discussed. There is that much going on. And the world of MC's is not in any way sugar-coated yet the story is immensely readable and unforgettable.   At the core of this series is the love Grizz has for Ginny. It is unending.   OUT OF TIME is without question one of the best books we have read this year. This series is a must-read. Don't miss out.   ""The only truth you ever need to know is that my love for you is real and will never go away. And everything I've done, no matter how it looks, is so you could be protected. I never wanted to be without you, but it's not my choice now."""
333	adjudicated	average	"4 - 4.5 Sexy Stars!!   Delicious!!! DARK WILD NIGHT is a very sexy, very readable, fast-paced story about two friends who want to move out of the dreaded friend zone. I had forgotten how incredibly HOT and sexy Christina Lauren's stories can be!! OLIVER!!   Christina Lauren's stories are a book-crack addiction that I don't intend to give up! I didn't think I could love a couple any more than the other couples in this series but I was wrong. Oliver is sexy, sweet, romantic, and totally sensual and loving on top of it all!! No asshole-y-ness here, just a sexy-sweet, feel-good romance.   I absolutely fell in love with Lola, she's a total geek and totally adorable. These two are the only ones of their group of friends who didn't stay married after the shenanigans in Las Vegas. But they are close friends who don't want to ruin a good thing by becoming involved romantically. Even though I knew what was ultimately in store for these two, it still didn't put a damper on my enjoyment of this lushly-written yet totally modern story.   Oliver and Lola are two of the most ""real"" characters to date in this series. Lola is consumed with her work and Oliver backs off when she needs space. There is no unnecessary drama here, just two people who care deeply for each other, have smoking-hot chemistry but who have insecurities just like the rest of us.   ""I don't think I've ever loved anyone quite like this. In this sort of giddy, obliterating game-changing way. Where I can see myself with her for the rest of my life...""   I feel in love with Oliver and can't wait for more yumminess from this awesome writing duo.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
57	adjudicated	poor	Despite having a name that sounds like its a chic-book, this was a pretty sweet western novel. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
302	adjudicated	good	"4.5 STARS!!   ""Dragging my hand over my face, I pull my phone back out and try to focus on the man I need to beat.   And I think of that nice girl who doesn't want to be nice. A girl who wants to be unforgettable and doesn't realize, she already is.""   MAVERICK!!!! I think I'm in LOVE. Katy Evans has created a gorgeous, sensitive beast of a man. Another legend is born.   Legend is the kind of Katy Evans book that I love, filled with passion, emotion, tons of sexy times and a deep emotional connection between the two main characters. This book goes back to the roots of the series, an lonely underdog fighting against the world, and a sweet, kind woman who is swept away by his passion.   Maverick ""the Avenger"" Cage is an outcast in the underground fighting world. But he knows he can be the best if only someone would give him a chance and train with him. The best he can do is a down-and-out trainer named Oz. Reese is Remy's wife Brooke's cousin, and is traveling with them on the fighting circuit while taking care of their son, Racer. She is a loner, shy, and never thinks someone like Maverick would be interested in her.   ""I wanted to be understood, and I wanted to be known. And I wanted to be loved.""   I LOVE a good underdog story and Legend fits the bill perfectly. There are no over-the-top characters here, just two people who are searching for something that they never had. And when Maverick and Reese get together, WOW!!!! Hello, new favorite book boyfriend!!   ""Don't go after her if you don't think you can deserve her."" He hits me again and I block, then jab him. He eases back and prowls around. So do I.   ""Deserve her first. Then go after her.""   Reese and Maverick have a forbidden romance at first, because Maverick is in training to ultimately fight Remington ""Riptide"" Tate and challenge him for the championship. And nothing will stand in his way. But the truth comes out and Reese must decide whose corner she is really in. There's no question that Maverick is all hers, and he is the kind of man that knows when he has found the woman for him. I loved that Reese is not perfect, and the author makes sure to point out her insecurities. This is the kind of book that Katy Evans does best, filled with fierce warmth, hotness and a brute of a hero with a heart of gold. Maverick is EVERYTHING. I adored Legend and it is the perfect entry in the REAL series of books.   Favorite quote:   ""He doesn't say a word to me, but I can feel him. He's all I feel. Everywhere.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
230	adjudicated	excellent	"Fantastic friends-to-enemies story!! My heart is literally bursting. Two words: JUSTIN. BANKS.   I don't know how Penelope Ward does it, but she takes someone who is so filled with hate and venom and turns him into the biggest hearthrob on the planet. Amelia and Justin haven't had any contact with each other in years - literally - so she feels compelled to sneak a peek at the man she is going to be owning a house with.   ""He's...gorgeous. Absolutely freaking gorgeous.""   Covering my face, I said, ""Jesus. Please don't tell me that.""   ""Take a look.""   ""I can't.""   Before I could refuse again, Tracy shoved the phone in front of my face. It shook in my hands as I took it.   Sweet Jesus.   Why did I even look?   Lo and behold, Justin shows up to share the summer home with his girlfriend. Cheating is not a deal-breaker for me but not to worry, it doesn't happen here. Justin is in love with his girlfriend and in hate with Amelia. And he makes her life absolutely miserable.   ""Even though I was too stunned to say anything, my heart was screaming. I knew deep down my reaction wasn't just because of my physical attraction to him. It was because despite all of the changes, one thing had stayed exactly the same. His eyes. They reflected the same hurt that I remembered from the very last time I saw him.""   Justin and Amelia have THE most delicious love-hate relationship throughout much of the story until the real reason for his deep-seated hostility comes out. It is heartbreaking, emotional and very sad, but he and Amelia make an uneasy truce to continue to share the home that her grandmother left to both of them equally when she passed away.   ""Will you at least look at me when you're talking to me?"" He turned around and walked toward me slowly then leaned his face in. I could feel his words on my lips when he asked, ""Is this better? You'd rather me in your face like this?""   I could practically taste his breath. My entire body felt weak from the close contact, so I backed away.   ""I didn't think so,"" he snarled.   There is SO much to this story that can't be given away for fear of major spoilers! But once again, Ms. Ward has crafted a richly-woven, very intense story, with beautifully damaged characters who might not ever find their way back together again.   Did I mention the heat factor is off the charts? Sexy, senstive musician anyone?   ""Hurt me?"" He let out a slight angry laugh then shocked me with what he said next. ""It changed me. I loved you, Amelia. I was in love with you."" Justin ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. ""How the fuck did you not know that?""   Ah, these two. Living together under one roof becomes almost unbearable. The this book takes a major turn in the second half of the book which only makes Justin and Amelia's story all the more bittersweet. And the Epilogue!! GAHHH!!! Loved. RoomHate is one of my favorite Penelope Ward books and I already miss these characters!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
332	adjudicated	poor	An unblinking, unvarnished look inside the brutal life of a 70's MC gang. A perfect story with incredibly detailed references to South Florida in the 1970's. An ending that will take your breath away. Let the author stalking begin!
133	adjudicated	average	3.5 STARS   Another sexy, modern contemporary romance from Katy Evans! Very enjoyable with a very relatable heroine. And Callan!! WOW!!   A very fast-paced and super-sexy story, 'Womanizer' takes place in Chicago and follows Olivia, a young intern at a hugely successful company owned by Callan Carmichael. Part of the Manwhore series, this book can absolutely stand on its own but favorite characters from the earlier books do make appearances here. Olivia is starting a new internship at Carma, Inc. and is determined to make a name for herself at the company. Even though her brother Tahoe helped her get the job, she is very driven and wants to make a great impression.   Callan and Olivia fall for each other very quickly, and even though they both know their relationship can't really go anywhere because of the nature of their working relationship, they feel an undeniable connection. Their dialogue and flirting is sexy and fun and Olivia doesn't expect them to last beyond the length of her summer internship.   Lots of readers will love 'Womanizer' for the main characters' chemistry, the settings and the feisty heroine. I enjoyed it as light and steamy story. If you are looking for a quick and upbeat romance with a super-hot hero, I would recommend this book. I loved the Chicago setting and smart heroine. The Epilogue was absolutely fantastic!   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
138	adjudicated	good	"If you need some light and frothy romance in your life, then you will love Emma Chase's latest story and her very funny, very male POV.   Prince Nicholas is the heir to the throne in a fictional country. This story is a pure fairytale, down to the names of some of the characters to the plot. Poor Nicholas has followed the rules his whole life. And now it is time for to select a wife, but only because his grandmother the Queen is forcing him to finally settle down. He can't bear the thought of it and takes off for the United States for one last ""fling"".   ""If you were told that the world as you knew it--life as you knew it--would end in five months, what would you do? You'd make the most of the time you had left, of course. Do everything you wanted to do--everyone you wanted to do--for as long as you could. Until time was up. Well...looks like I've got a plan, after all.""   Olivia is hard-working ""commoner"" who runs her family business in New York. She is having a tough time keeping the struggling diner going. Nicholas happens to stumble into the diner after a wild night of partying and is stunned by the beautiful Olivia.   If Helen launched a thousand ships, this girl could raise a thousand hard-ons.   Of course, their relationship is NOT supposed to happen! He can't possibly fall in love with a commoner! So they agree to a brief summer fling. Olivia is not easily impressed, but even she realizes that they both live in very different worlds.   ...I grab his arm, shaking. ""I don't think you understand--you live in a freaking castle!""   ""Technically, it's a palace. Castles were built for defense, palaces more for the monarch to hold court in appropriate grandeur.""   And Jesus, I want to stick my tongue down his throat. ""Have I told you how hot it is when you roll out the royal facts?""   'Royally Screwed' is a very charming fairytale with a healthy does of Emma Chase's trademark spicy humor. All of the characters also seem very down-to-earth with many of the same problems and heartaches as everyone else.   Nicholas knows he lives in an insulated world and he does his best to keep Olivia safe. But wicked characters are lurking everywhere, in the form of the paparazzi, jealous old girlfriends and even the Queen herself. Their relationship seems doomed from the start.   ""It not easy being my friend; it's even more difficult being my lover. Think of me as a walking exploding bomb--anything near to me will eventually become collateral damage.""   What I enjoyed about this book was the witty, sexy, fast-paced dialogue and the engaging supporting characters. There's also a wonderful theme of family and duty running through this story that I really loved.   The author has created a very relatable fairytale that provided an escape from real life. The ending was a lovely surprise and along with Nicholas and Olivia, I adored his brother Henry. I can't wait to read his story!   ""She looks into my eyes and I'm lost. Wrecked. Owned. There's no thought, no desire--except to please her. Make her see stars and touch heaven."""
424	adjudicated	average	This novella gets 5 stars for the absolutely smoking hot sex scenes and great dialogue, and 1 star for the often laughable supporting storyline. There are so many completely made-up details in this story that would never, ever happen in real life (and would land the main characters in a real courtroom) that it made it very difficult for me to enjoy the sexy and engaging banter between the two main characters. I did love the alternating POV's but the glaring inaccuracies in this story aggravated the hell out of me. This is pure, escapist fantasy, that can be read in just one sitting. The author does a great job at establishing an emotional connection between the characters and I definitely will read the next installment.
336	adjudicated	excellent	4.5 - 5 stars!!   TIGHT is another unexpected, gripping, very sexy story from Alessandra Torre. It is best that you don't read much about this book before going in, so that you can read it with a fresh eye. The plot is nothing that I expected and delivered a thrilling, one-two punch that came out of left field!   On its surface, the story is a contemporary erotic romance between Riley and Brett. They meet while she is attending a bachelorette party and like most books by Ms. Torre, there are other factors at play here that are lurking just below the surface. The chemistry between the two is undeniable, the sexy times are off the charts, and the action is heart-stopping and fast-paced. This is not a light-hearted book, it takes very dark turns but if you stick with this book you will be rewarded with a very satisfying ending.   Riley is a very strong heroine and Brett is unforgettable. And talk about the steam factor! SWOON! Tight is a fairly quick read, mostly because you won't be able to put it down. It does not contain huge twists but it does deliver an absolutely fantastic story with a very strong heroine and a totally swoon-worthy Alpha hero. Don't miss this one!!
26	adjudicated	average	A hilarious and book from Tina Fey - definitely worth listening to over audio as she reads it herself. She makes fun of herself a lot, adds lots of light humor, and of course shares TMI.   The most interesting bit was hearing the behind the scenes of Saturday Night Live, and how she was a joke writer there for 3 years before they gave her a role on the show, which was only doing the news. Her breakout occurred after she had already left for 30 Rock, when she did the Sarah Palin impersonation. Tina is clearly an example of someone who has worked long and hard to get where she is.
465	adjudicated	average	First, be aware that this book is not for the faint of heart. Human trafficking, drugs, kidnapping, abuse in all forms - this story contains all of this and more. But it is also an incredibly rewarding and fulfilling book if you can make it through the very difficult parts of Tess and Q's story.   Reading the fantastic Tears of Tess first is a must so that you can fully understand the dark and complex nature of the main characters' relationship. I had been waiting for Pepper Winers to continue Tess and Q's story and I devoured Quintessentially Q almost in one sitting. This is a highly addictive series and the writing is lush, detailed and very, very sexy. I mean, Q almost literally burns up the pages. If you like very dark erotic romance (yes, this is most definitely a romantic story), then I can't recommend this book and series highly enough. One of my favorite books this year.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
282	adjudicated	average	"Fresh, light, sexy and funny!   I absolutely adore R.S. Grey's books. She has a fresh wit, a wonderful way with banter and can write sexy times as well as the best erotica author. This book is pure fun, a feel-good, sexy read with a HEA and a Cinderella feel to the story. It is a modern tale of a small-town girl trying to make it in the Big Apple, living on a shoestring budget but trying in the best Mary-Tyler-Moore fashion ""to make it on her own.""   Jo is a scrappy heroine, and thrilled to land her dream job with a famous fashion house in New York City. Of course her boss is Mr. Sexy Julian Lefray, and the sparks fly between these two right from the get-up. I love a good male POV and Ms. Grey writes a great one! Plus, this book has the just right amount of sex, it was a great ""palate cleanser"" in between the super-steamy and graphic contemporary romance and erotic books I normally read.   This book is great if you are looking for a fun, light, sexy and witty book, with great banter between the hero and heroine and some really funny dialogue. It is a modern tale of love and sex and firendship in the big city and I highly recommend it. You can't go wrong with a book by R.S. Grey!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
248	adjudicated	average	Ridiculously Dirty!!   A totally fun, filthy and escapist bit of reading!! I loved it!! Be warned that this story involves an innocently sexy 18 year old and her father's virile best friend, who also happens to be the football coach at her school - sounds really taboo but it all seems to work! You can literally read this book in about 2 hours. Jump on board the breeding train with Alexa Riley's COACH! You'll be glad you did!
238	adjudicated	average	"The Shadow is a lush, passionate and complex story, filled with romance, art, history and suspense. I am not a huge fan of paranormal stories but I make an exception for Sylvain Reynard's books. I LOVE the Gabriel's Redemption series and Professor Gabriel Emerson makes an appearance here. What more could you ask for?   William and Raven are reunited in this story but William is battling forces who are trying to sabotage him. He has finally found the love of his life and he wants nothing more than to worship Raven forever.   ""I will never have your nobility of spirit, or your protective nature, but as long as I have your love, I can be content.""   William will stop at nothing to protect Raven from both other vampires and from those who scheme to drive them apart. There is lots of action and mystery, written in the style that is completely unique to Sylvain Reynard. This is a very sensual and passionate book, and even if you do not usually read paranormal romance, you will love this story. The streets of Florence seem to come alive!   We also learn about William's early life and the tragic story of how he lost his first love. Raven is completely trusting of him and along with the intrigue, there is also a little humor here, too.   ""You're giving me a toothache.""   He pulled back. ""How is that possible?""   She laughed. ""It's a figure of speech. It means you're being too sweet. Say something awful.""   William's expression changed and he brought his lips to her ear. ""I want to take you back to the house, so I can spread you on my bed and do all kinds of wicked things to you.""   I can't wait to see what happens next! The Shadow is a beautifully written book and my favorite in the Florentine Series so far. Lush, lyrical, passionate and very intense. The outtakes are absolutely fantastic. Don't miss it!!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
118	adjudicated	good	"4 1/2 Stars!!   What a beautiful, gripping and intense story! I jumped into 'Preston's Honor' without knowing too much about the plot. There is so much to love about this book: second-chance love, burning passion, forgiveness and compassion. Lia, Preston and his brother Cole all grew up together in rural California. Lia's mother was a migrant farm worker and Lia always felt the pain of poverty and the sting of feeling not good enough. Not only did she have to endure teasing and bullying at school, her mother was also cold and unfeeling towards her.   ""Nobody girl. Nobody girl. Nobody girl. Me.""   My heart!! Both brothers loved Lia, but through a series of events, it is Cole who begins to date Lia. Life happens, Preston and Cole leave for college and Lia is left behind in the small farming town. There are no opportunities for her to continue her education, and she is resigned to accept her lot in life. I absolutely love how the author sheds light on the conditions and the plight of our nation's migrant farm workers. Lia does her best but ends up working for minimum wage in order to support herself and her mother.   The only bright spot in her life is Preston. She is overjoyed when he returns to town. Bound together by a tragedy, it is difficult to know whether their love will survive.   ""Annalia. Christ. Seeing her again had been simultaneously torturous and joyful. I gripped the hair at my forehead, a sound of frustration coming up my throat. Hadn't that always been the case? Only this time . . . this time the shock of seeing her as a woman had nearly stopped my heart. I'd felt . . . breathless. Struck mute. Consumed.""   Will Preston and Lia be able to find happiness? Things really do seem hopeless for them and there is much heartache and misunderstandings between them. Lia was a lovely, honest, caring and gorgeous character (inside and out) and Preston was magnificent. My heart almost stopped several times while reading this passionate story! I was desperate for these two to find happiness.   ""Thank you, Preston."" For being my friend once, for giving me my first dance, for watching over me. It was all I had. It would have to be enough.   Once again, Mia Sheridan does not disappoint. I highly recommend this beautiful tale of second chances, redemption and mercy. And the Prologue was a stunner!! Happy tears were flowing all around.   ""Or actually, maybe this is exactly where we were meant to start. Tonight. This is our beginning, Annalia."""
43	adjudicated	average	** spoiler alert **   Just finished this and have to say I really enjoyed it. I was kind of worried the plot wasn't going anywhere for much of it, but the writing was really good and drew me in.   For much of the book I thought the main character (Richard) was too weak of a character for me to like much, but I liked how he grew in confidence towards the end. I think anytime one undertake's an adventure or a journey like that you grow so much. You have to get out there and fail a few times to have the confidence to know how to succeed!   I also have to say I loved Mister Croup and Mister Vandemar. Their dialogue and interaction was hilarious. It really reminded me of Mister Wint and Mister Kidd from James Bond's Diamonds are Forever.
221	adjudicated	good	"3.5 - 4 Stars!!   There is so much to love about this book! The heroine is funny, feisty, different, and not afraid to be herself. The dialogue is sharp and Graham is devlishly sexy. The story begins with a creative premise: a lost cellphone on a train. Our heroine Soraya and Graham immediately clash when she goes to his offices to return his phone. He is a total asshole at work but he loves that she argues with him and isn't afraid of him at all.   Soraya works for an advice columnist, doesn't love her job and has not had a successful sex life. She rides the train to and from work every day from her apartment in Brooklyn and that is how she first spots Graham. But these two could not more different!   ""My life was far from Sex and the City. It was more like Sex and the Pity. Or Sex and the Shitty.""   There are lots of funny one-liners in this story and the plot is very fast-paced. Graham loves that Soraya is pierced and dyes the tips of her hair in wild colors. Different from the stuffy women he has been with in the past. I loved the major twist in the middle of this book: it injected lots of emotion and heart into this story.   I loved the New York City setting but several unrealistic plot points interefered with my enjoyment of the story. These authors are wonderful at creating memorable characters and Stuck-Up Suit is no exception. The chemistry is explosive and the sexy times are very, very hot.   ""It would be my pleasure to leave the gentleman at the door and fuck you four ways dirty.""   This book is perfect if you want a sexy, funny, fast-paced contemporary romance that offers an escape from reality for a few hours. And kudos to Ms. Ward and Ms. Keeland for creating a heroine who marches to the beat of her own drummer!   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)"
177	adjudicated	average	"All she sees is what's right in front of her. Guys are drawn to her, because of her spirit and smiles. She's a happy person, and she makes people feel good when they're around her. I'm not like that. I'm just kind of there. Like empty space.   If Penelope Douglas writes a book, I will read it! And this series is one of my favorites, so I could not wait to get back into these characters' lives! And what a treat! Once again, Ms. Douglas surprises and puts a fresh spin on her beloved characters. This book introduces us to Quinn, but also sets up the next generation of characters and it was just a pleasure to read.   The author uses a story within a story here which added a layer of nuance and depth to what I thought would be a classic New Adult romance. Ms. Douglas gives us the backstory of Katherine Trent and Jason Caruthers and it broke my heart! Yes, you will absolutely need to read the other books in the series first but Bully and the later books are among my most cherished stories. From adult contemporary romance to new adult stories, Ms. Douglas can do it all.   ""Why did you marry her?"" she asked me in return.   I turned my eyes back out to the road as I would my way through her neighborhood.   Because I didn't see you first.   My heart!! The author does a wonderful job of telling two parallel stories here. The book felt a little sad to me at times because of the theme of lost time but the author gives her characters the perfect conclusion here. Don't miss Next to Never! It is a clever love letter to the fans of the Fall Away Series.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
321	adjudicated	average	"3.5 stars!   Abbi Glines' books are a guilty pleasure for me. I love the Southern charm, the sexy boys, and the beautiful, sweet girls. When You're Back is the second book in Reese and Mase's story and other characters from my other favorite books all make appearances here.   I loved River ""Captain"" Kipling! This guy is SEXY and broody. He is a bit mysterious and I am really looking forward to reading more about him!   ""I can change your world, too, sweetheart. But I'll wait my turn.""   We also have Mase's cousin Aida here who gives the cold shoulder to sweet, loving Reese. I really liked how Reese blossomed in this book and how loving and devoted Mase is to her. He is one of my favorite of Abbi Glines' characters and he is definitely book boyfriend material. Their scenes are touching, sexy and sweet, just what I expect from the Rosemary Beach series. I liked this book and recommend it if you are looking for a sexy, quick summertime read!"
154	adjudicated	average	"Cheers, she says, raising her tumbler. ""To remembering.""   Frank clinks his glass against hers and he smiles. ""And to you,"" he says. ""For being so generous.""   ""Oh,"" she says. ""I don't know about generous. Stupid more like.""   ""Maybe both,"" he says.   ""Yeah. I'll go with that. Story of my life. Generous and stupid.""   OMG!!! I did not want this book to end!! What a page-turner. Moody, evocative and thrilling, Lisa Jewell's writing surprised and enthralled me from beginning to end.   This book begins with Alice, a frazzled single mother living in a tiny seaside town in England, finding a man, lost and alone and with no memory of how he came to be sitting on the beach in the driving rain.   Alice is funny, warm, witty and has not made the best choices in her life. In fact, her love life stinks so she is very wary of men in general. But something calls to her about this lost and confused man, and she brings him back to her cottage to recuperate in her guest house.   ""How long have you been sitting out here?""   ""I got here yesterday.""   ""Where did you come from?""   ""I have no idea.""   This brilliant story is told from multiple POV's spanning several decades. At the same time that Alice finds ""Frank"" (her nickname for the seemingly lovely man struggling with his memory loss), a young bride in London named Lily realizes her new husband has suddenly vanished. She is new to England and does not know anyone at all. The mystery of her missing newlywed husband is one of the driving forces of this gem of a book.   There are tons of twists and surprises in store for the reader. We do not know how the characters in this story are connected... or even if they are connected at all.   Flashing back decades before, young Gray and Kirsty are on holiday with their parents. Their fascinating story involves a local man who becomes interested in Kirsty. Their stories rocket towards a stunning conclusion with Alice, Frank and Lily. To say that I could not put this book down is an understatement! From the bustling London setting to the small seaside resort town, 'I Found You' sets the bar for romantic suspense books this year.   Long after finishing this book, I still can't stop thinking about the characters. Lisa Jewell is a new favorite author of mine. This was my first book by her and now I cannot wait to get to her other titles. Alice was completely relatable, even when she didn't make the wisest of choices.   I can't recommend this book highly enough! I loved every word.   ARC provided via NetGalley."
232	adjudicated	excellent	"My first thoughts upon completing this book, ""MY HEART. I CANNOT BELIEVE THIS SERIES IS OVER!! Another perfect heart-stopping story from Kristen Ashley.""   This series holds a very special place in my heart because KNIGHT was my very first Kristen Ashley book ever. I didn't quite fully understand the warning that came along with that book, because to me, KNIGHT was absolute perfection. After I then read almost every single book Ms. Ashley wrote, I realized that the Unfinished Heroes Series was a bit different from her other, mostly-nice, all swoony Alpha heroes. And I adore every single one of her ""unfinished"" heroes.   SEBRING was like unwrapping a special gift. Olivia was a complex heroine, damaged and scarred both indies and out, having grown up into a crime family. She trusts no one, and for good reason. Her own family is treacherous, immoral and very dangerous. But yet she cannot escape the life that has been mapped out for her. She is an obedient daughter, following the rules until the night she meets Nick Sebring. Olivia is closed off to the world and has given up all hopes for a normal life.   ""I'd learned that I didn't allow myself to show emotion.   Ever""   I was always fascinated by Nick since he first appeared in KNIGHT. He has a fascinating back story here, investigating Olivia's family and targeting her in an effort to infiltrate the Shade family to take down her father. Nick's first love was caught up in their violent world and became victim of the Shade family's notorious brand of violence.   SEBRING is not a pretty, hearts and flowers, sweet love story. Its is gritty, raw, violent, yet amongst all of that, Kristen Ashley's trademark goodness and beauty and love shines through. Nick Sebring himself does not think he can be redeemed but something about Olivia sings to him. They make the perfect couple, really. They both love a certain brand of kink and tom me, are PERFECTLY matched.   There is plenty of heartbreak in this book. Olivia carries around secrets in her heart that would absolutely break another person. So it makes her coming together with Nick Sebring even more bittersweet and gorgeous. And Nick...well, I fell in love with him. Yes, the very same Nick Sebring from KNIGHT who caused so much trouble! SEBRING is everything I love about a Kristen Ashley book: family, incredibly hot sex scenes, fast-paced action, forgiveness and yes, love. I can't recommend this book highly enough. Happy reading!   Favorite quote:   ""I'm not bawling.""   ""You were close.""   ""You were being sweet.""   ""Like I said, get used to that.""   ""Then you were an ass.""   ""You should probably get used to that too.""   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
228	adjudicated	good	"4.5 STARS!!!!   WOW!!!! There are lots of contemporary erotic romances out there but Nikki Sloane has quickly become one of my favorite authors in the genre. Regan and Silas burn up the pages in THREE DIRTY SECRETS!!!! Silas is just, well, irresistible. A hunky, smart, artistic, and Alpha tattoo artist?? Sign me up.   This isn't the tired old girl-meets-guy, girl-loses-guy, girl-gets-guy back story. Regan is working as an undercover FBI agent in the Blindfold Club, which is really a side story to the main event of her sizzling romance with Silas Getty. She is an aggressive cop and Silas is aggressive, too, so what to do with that?! Nikki Sloane wraps it all up pretty nicely in this steamy, sexy story.   ""We had heat by the truckload, but this was something else. Passion. So different, and so much better.""   Regan is still reeling from a prior undercover operation gone wrong so she is distant with Silas, reserved in her emotions but he is passionate and loves that Regan is a tough-talking, no-nonsense woman. She is afraid of falling for him but quickly that he might just be THE perfect man for her.   ""I'd failed all of my objectives when it came to Silas.. . and I hadn't outlined any ground rules about keeping things between us casual. Last Sunday had been anything but casual.""   THREE DIRTY SECRETS is as much of a romantic suspense as it is a BDSM-themed book, the action is fast-paced and the sex scenes are absolutely incendiary. This book is for mature readers only!! There are threesomes that are scorching hot and main characters who are passionate, driven and not afraid to take what they want. I highly recommend this story, it is another winner in the Blindfold Club Series!!   FAVORITE QUOTE:   My mouth opened, but his hand slapped over it, silencing me. His expression was wild, like a man pushed to the brink. He looked dangerous, and fucking gorgeous. ""I couldn't wait any longer,"" he muttered. ""Deal with it."" Beneath his palm, I smiled. I'd met my match in Silas, hadn't I?   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
418	adjudicated	good	Good debut from this author. Review to come!
204	adjudicated	good	"3.5 -4 ADDICTIVE STARS   This place is like the Garden of Eden. Beautiful but full of danger.   There was SO much to love about this book! Ella, the feisty, smart and sarcastic survivor. The sex, lust, and dirty talk. The fast-moving storyline. I really liked this book a lot but the over-the-top teen drama, the cruelty and the unecessary theatrics got in the way from making this a homerun for me.   Elle Kennedy and Jen Frederick (the pair behind Erin Watt) are amazingly talented and gifted writers. Their writing talent made this book a TOTAL guilty pleasure, with a very likeable and resilient heroine and TONS of hot and heavy lust and sex. Ella Harper finds herself suddenly living in a world of almost unimaginable wealth and privilege after Callum Royal, her father's old friend, becomes her legal guardian. She is a poor girl who did what she had to support herself and get through high school. Suddenly, she is enrolled in private school and living in a house filled with Callum's sons, who are resentful of her, to say the least. They are on a mission to destroy her, and to make her leave. Despite their taunts and their endless bullying, she refuses to leave and is only after one thing: to finish high school and go to college.   ""You should get away from here. These Royals will ruin you.""   Oh but there's the little detail of Reed Royal. The meanest of them all (and that's saying a lot), he and Ella hate each other at first sight but then can't stay away from each other. Even though I disliked Reed at the beginning, he began to grow on me and I could see how Ella eventually found him irresistible:   ""He has everything a girl could want: the hard body, the handsome face that will still look good years from now, the money, and that extra something. Charisma, I guess. The ability to slay you with a single look. The apple is dangling in front of me, juicy red and delicious, but, like the fairy tale, Reed Royal is the villain disguised as a pretty prince. Taking a bite out of him would be a huge mistake.   The Royals run the school and everyone there follows their orders. This book reminded me a lot of Beverly Hills 90210 and Gossip Girl. There is no question that this story is unputdownable. I just would have liked less cruelty and a little more reality. Nonetheless, I will most DEFINITELY read the next book because this one ends on quite the cliffhanger! I really do want to see what is next for Ella Harper.   ""Auden wrote that when the boy falls from the sky after calamity after calamity, he still has a future somewhere and that there's no point in dwelling on one's loss. But did he suffer this? Would he have written that if he had lived my life?   (ARC provided by the authors in return for an honest review.)"
127	adjudicated	average	I know precisely the kind of woman you are, Daisy. And if you don't understand it, then it'll be up to me to show it to you.   YASS!! If you need a Kristen Ashley fix, do NOT miss Marcus and Daisy's novella!! Pure goodness and beauty.   If you're a fan of the Rock Chick series (and let's face it, who isn't??), Daisy has been a constant. Such a character! But without a doubt a sweetheart. Her story has been a long time coming and it hit all the hight notes. Only Kristen Ashley can make a novella feel as satisfying as a full-length novel. Marcus and Daisy are pure KA gold. All of the wonderful writing, emotion, plot and LOVE that you expect from Kristen Ashley are here. And kudos to the author for tackling a very sensitive subject and handling it perfectly. If you need a hit of Kristen Ashley, 'Rock Chick Reawakening' is your answer. It's everything you expect from the Queen of Alphas and much more.   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)
330	adjudicated	average	Having read and loved Incandescent, I couldn't wait to read Affliction, the second book in the Knight's Rebels MC series. Affliction was a but of a surprise, having a much more emotional story than the first book in the series. This book can absolutely be read as a standalone, although the characters are first introduced in Book One and some of the plot might be a little spoiler-ish.   Sy is angry, gruff, and hard-edged, having suffered a very, very painful loss several years before. He spends the first part of the book acting like a complete jerk towards our heroine Holly, and at times I almost felt like the author was making him into a lost cause. Holly is spirited and outgoing and we first meet her in Book One. She meets Sy when her best friend becomes involved with the Club President.   Holly, too, has spiraled into a very dark place and Sy is drawn to her and knows that he can help her overcome her emotional scars. I grew to love Sy while reading this book and absolutely adored the protective way he treated Holly. While this story might seem like it is dark and very emotional, the sex scenes are off the charts hot and very, very steamy. And, there is actually a beautiful love story here and a lovely message about forgiveness, acceptance and letting go of the past. All in all, this is a great story for all fans of MC romance. I can't wait to read more from this author!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
32	adjudicated	average	I cracked and finally picked this up. Very enjoyable quick read - couldn't put it down - it was like crack.   I'm a bit bothered by the lack of backstory of how Panem and the Hunger Games come about. It is just kind of explained away in a few paragraphs and we are left to accept this very strange world where teenagers are pitted into an arena each year to kill each other? I was expecting it because I've seen Battle Royale, but I would have appreciated knowing more of the backstory of how the world could have come into such a odd state.   I suppose what makes a book like this interesting is thinking about the strategy of it all. The players are going to be statistically encouraged to band together because they will last longer that way, but by definition of course any partnership will be broken, and the drama of how that unfolds is always interesting and full of friendships broken and betrayal. Each character approached the game in their own way. Some banded together in larger coalitions, some were loners initially and banded together later. And some were just loners, like Foxface. A lot depended on your survival skill: could you find food and water on your own? Self-dependence is highly valued - and of course our hero was strong there.   All in all, a fun read, but I feel kind of dirty for having read it.
114	adjudicated	average	"Smart and sexy and delicious! I devoured this one. LOVE Ryder!!!!   This is my second 1001 Dark nights novella and I really like this concept. Many of my favorite authors have written a novella in this format and so far, I have enjoyed the stories. Although 'Sweet Rivalry' is a standalone, Ryder first appeared in 'Sweet Cheeks' as Saylor's brother. This novella is a steamy, sweet and fast-paced romance that you can devour in one sitting. This short story is perfect for fans of Kristy Bromberg's steamy yet witty writing style.   Ryder and his competitor Harper are bidding on a major construction project. They first met up during their college days and she has always been the best at everything. But Ryder is determined to win this time. Of course, they have some major chemistry, but business is business, right?   ""Beard burn is a real thing.   And oh my God it is everything I wanted it to be and then some. ""   I always love the strong heroines in Kristy Bromberg's books. That is one of my favorites things about her writing. No wallflowers here! If you are looking for a fast, sexy, witty read with a guaranteed happy ending, then 'Sweet Rivalry' is just the ticket. My one complaint? That this story wasn't longer! Maybe we will get a full-length book about these two someday!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
471	adjudicated	good	5+++ stars!!   I love to read and I read a ton of books. Among all the books I have read, Night Owl is one of my top favorite books of all time. I could not wait to get my hands on Last Light. And let me just say that M. Pierce delivered big-time with this book.   Matt Sky makes my heart hurt. I have not stopped thinking about him since I finished reading Last Light. Wait, what? He's a fictional character? That's okay. I'm still obsessed with him.   Last Light picks up as Matt has faked his own death, and retreated to a life of solitude in the woods. He simply cannot bear the attention and acclaim that came with being a famous author. He has convinced Hannah to play along with his ruse, much to her growing dismay. Poor, beleagured Hannah is forced into the charade as she attends Matt's memorial and is faced with lying to his family and an ever-growing web of deceit. And hello, Sky brothers! In Last Light, we get to know uber-sexy, bad-boy Seth, who I hope and pray will get his own story soon. Seth is absolutely irresistable. But I digress. Matt made me very uncomfortable with his growing deception, and his relationship with a new character named Melanie. If she was supposed to be a sympathetic character, I'm not buying it. I hated her!!   I don't want to give away any plot spoilers so I will just say that I am in love with this series and with this author. The sense of melancholy that pervades this book is completely haunting, but is perfectly balanced with humor and some of the hottest sex scenes you will EVER read. Did I mention that M. Pierce is a brilliant writer? I haven't stopped thinking about this book since I finished and I might have to go back in for a re-read. The cast of characters from this series are unforgettable. I cannot wait for After Dark!   (*ARC reviewed from NetGalley)
272	adjudicated	good	"WOW. Kristen Ashley does it again with Logan and Millie's story. Just when I think I can't love this author any more, she takes my breath away with yet another absolutely magnificent book. DO NOT MISS THIS ONE!!   I am a HUGE fan of second-chance romance and Walk Through Fire might be one of my all-time favorites in this genre. Everything I love about Ms. Ashley's writing is here: an older couple, a smart but damaged woman, an Alpha male and lots and lots of ridiculously hot sex. I could go on and on about the gorgeous moments in this book but really, you should just read it and experience the emotions for yourself. I got the same feelings in this book as I did in Soaring, and while it takes a lot for me to cry while reading a book, I cried plenty while reading Millie and Logan's story.   You learn right off the bat that Logan was Millie's first true love and that things ended suddenly between them years earlier. Jump forward and Millie runs into Logan and just the sound of his voice stuns her and she feels compelled to explain to him what happened decades before. He has been married and had children but Millie has spent the years alone, although successful in her business and very close to her own family. Logan, who hasn't seemed to have gotten over Millie walking away from him, is still bitter and is very, very cruel to Millie when she tries to explain her behavior to him:   ""I'm done not because I'm done but because there's nothing left of me to burn. You have it all! You've always had it all! I gave up everything so you could have it all! Please! God! Leave me to my nothing!""   I don't want to spoil the story but you will probably guess Millie's reasons for suddenly breaking up with Logan pretty early on in the story. As bitter as Logan is towards Millie, you know that eventually these two will have their HEA but their path there is both beautiful and very bittersweet at the same time.   There is a mature aspect to this story which drew me in from the first page. These aren't kids or twenty-somethings, these characters are all adults, with their own kids, careers, families, and relationships to deal with. i absolutely loved how Logan's ex-wife was portrayed in this book and how Millie interacted with her. Oh, and did I mention the sex in this book is completely hot?? Because of course, you know that it is!! I don't often re-read books but I have already re-read parts of Walk Through Fire while I wait (not so) patiently for the next book from Ms. Ashley.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
141	adjudicated	good	"You're the best mistake I've ever made.   'Four Letter Word' (clever title, no?) was everything I expect from J. Daniels: sweet and funny banter mixed with THE hottest romance and deeply-felt emotion. Brian and Sidney's story was unexpectedly dramatic but completely readable and satisfying!   Brian and Sidney meet by accident in the funniest way. Their surprise connection and relationship then develops via text messages and phone calls, BUT it really worked for me! Sidney is completely devastated and betrayed as the story begins, so she will she ever learn to trust another man again? Even one as ""perfect"" as Brian Savage?   ""I needed you, but I didn't know I needed you until you reached out to me.""   As with all of J. Daniels books, the hero and heroine and totally relatable and very ""real"". They have regular jobs, very good friends and and just came across as very down-to-earth. The secondary characters here were all wonderful: great supportive friends who stood by Brian and Sidney through everything!   Brian was a fantastic, sexy, dirty-talking Alpha with a sweet and loving and sensitive side. He and Sidney have fantastic chemistry and I was rooting for them to make things work. I absolutely loved how Brian always tried to do the right thing and be the perfect man for Sidney. He made some terrible sacrifices and poor choices BUT he completely won me over with the way he treated Sidney!   'She couldn't know too much. She could never know. Never. I gave her enough so I could still have her, but I took everything.'   'Four Letter Word' was a wonderfully paced and steamy story, perfect for when you crave a sweet and sexy contemporary romance. J. Daniels is one of my go-to romance authors, and she really delivered with Brian and Sidney's story. I cannot wait for more stories in this series!   'Love was a risk. It was wild and unpredictable. You could either hold on for the ride, not knowing how it would end, or you could let go and never know the amazing you could've had.'   ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review."
58	adjudicated	average	Sometimes you just need a quick fun book. I read this over Easter weekend, and loved every second. I loved the movie too, but the book was better.   This book really wasn't intellectual, but it did make one interesting point. In the book you can only vote if you have gone through and graduated from military training. This prevents the uneducated and uncommitted citizens from voting. While this is a bit extreme, I might be of the opinion that there should be some more barriers to voting (like a standardized test). Otherwise our elections end up being a marketing contest. Name recognition is huge in marketing - would W have won otherwise? Would Hilary have a chance?
193	adjudicated	good	"Ahhhhh!! There's nothing like a Kylie Scott romantic comedy. Ever since 'Lick', I have been a huge fan of her witty and sexy writing. I am calling 'Twist' a friends-to-lovers story because Alex meets her ideal man online and they really do become ""friends"" even though it is through a dating site. She decides to surprise him and travels all the way to Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. SURPRISE! It turns out she was not communicating with ""Eric"" but instead was really emailing with Joe, his brother. A big, sexy, lumbersexual brother. Not her type at all. Oh no.   ""With all the body-shaping underwear, lip gloss, heels, and tiny dress, you could almost say I'd been fibbing about who I was. His lie, however , left my Spanx and push-up bra way behind.""   Joe is beyond shocked to see Alex in person and her already-fragile ego takes a nose dive. One thing leads to another, and Alex decides to stay in town and realizes that Eric is actually not her type at all. It is Joe is the one who she really developed the relationship with. In all his bearded, muscled glory. Kylie Scott is a truly gifted writer and the banter banter between her characters is priceless. While we all know this story will have a happy ending, it is the journey there that is so satisfying. Alex is a real, relatable and very funny heroine, and the scenes between her and Joe are GOLD.   ""No more hiding or denying, sticking to the sidelines of life. It was my time to step forward and be brave. When it came to Joe Collins, I was more than ready to say yes.""   Alex is hilarious and warm and real and someone you would want as your best friend. The whole gang from the Dive Bar series is here plus my favorites from the Stage Dive series. BUT with that said, this is a complete standalone and you do not need to have read any of the earlier books.   'Twist' had plenty of steamy hot scenes and I think Joe Collins might be one of my favorite Kylie Scott characters. Joe and Alex have amazing chemistry and there is just enough angst to add the perfect amount of tension to this romance story. And all the kudos to Kylie Scott for writing a STRONG female heroine who goes after what she wants!! YES!! This is a funny, sexxxxxy, well-written and lighthearted romantic comedy. It has the perfect mix of dirty, laugh-out-loud humor and well-rounded characters. I'm booking a flight to Coeur d'Alene.   FAVORITE QUOTES:   ""When it came to Joe Collins, my pussy was a wanton whore. And seriously, who could blame it? His body was one big beautiful playground. There wasn't an inch of him I didn't want to explore.""   ""Basically,"" he said, voice little more than a rumble, ""with your permission, I just want to hold you down and make love to you for a good long time, watching your face as you come.""   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
25	adjudicated	good	Wow. Amazing story, and well told - kept me up late at night! Louie Zamperini truly went through hell and came back - and it's inspiring to read a story of such willpower and determination. It was also interesting to me to learn more about Japan and their role in the war.   One big takeaway was just how cheap human life is in war. I think there was some stat about how 5/6 of the US airmen that died did so from accidents - that is simply staggering.   I love WWII stories, but most of the ones I've seen and read have focused on Germany, so I really didn't know much about how Japan had treated their POW's. It was pretty eye opening to read the stats about how they pretty much massacred hundreds of thousands of POW's. And of couse, as the story details, they also did not follow Geneva Conventions and pretty much treated POW's as slaves.   One of my favorite points the author made is best illustrated by this quote about Dignity is as essential to human life as water, food, and oxygen. This is a fundamental truth of humanity that the author really drew out well - if you take a persons dignity away you take everything away. I loved all the stories of POW's being defiant; stealing food, supplies, playing jokes, etc. The little bits of defiance were enough to let them take back their dignity, and I think thats what makes them so compelling; because while we haven't all been POW's, we can relate to that basic need.
18	adjudicated	good	I tore through The Pillars of the Earth, and couldn't wait to pick this up. Set in Kingsbridge but a few centuries later, the story has a lot of similar elements: a cathedral that needs repair, a brilliant young builder (Merthin), a love story, a priorship up for grabs, and of course political manuevering, backstabbing and evil church officials. Also like the first one, the characters were developed well, the book was hard to put down, and yet it wasn't a deep book, just a fun one. Thank goodness I finished - it was causing me to lose sleep.   I did enjoy learning about the plague, and medieval ideas on health and medicine. Amazing that the plague wiped about a third of the human population, and how little they knew about it. Was frustrated by the lack of the Monks openness to learn new things, and how little they trusted women. For instance they believed in bleeding as a solution to everything when it actually is harmful in most cases. Also was interesting that there was no such thing as a doctor - instead nuns/monks/etc served that role.
266	adjudicated	good	"4.5 Explosive Stars!!   OMG this book!!! A dirty-talking baseball star who quotes Shakespeare? YES, PLEASE!   ""I can't decide how to f* you, he says. ""I want to take you in every position. I want to f* you like an animal and a saint. I want to keep you on the brink for an hour and take four orgasms from you. I can't do it all tonight. I'm kind of pissed about that.""   Hardball is sexy, heartfelt, exciting, funny, steamy and addictive. I LOVED Dash Wallace! He is seemingly perfect, gorgeous, a gifted athlete, but he is actually filled with compulsions and must adhere to a strict routine at all times. His baseball career and his sanity depend on it. I fell totally in love with this damaged man.   The Synopsis to this book doesn't really show the depth of emotion in this book. There is so much more than just the sizzling romance between Dash and Vivian. There is the amazingly detailed descriptions of the game of baseball. There are the wonderful supporting characters, including Vivian's elderly father. There is the constant battle within Dash's head over his ADHD and the obsessive way he deals with routine and his superstitions.   Vivian has only had one boyfriend in her life so Dash hits her like a freight train. OMG, their scenes together are on FIRE!!! CD Reiss writes some of the best erotic romance around. And set against the backdrop of Los Angeles and baseball, well, Hardball is just perfection.   I LOVED the imperfection of these characters. Vivian and Dash are both insecure in their own way. Vivian doesn't think she's good enough or sexy enough for a glamorous baseball player like Dash. He is battling with his own internal demons. These characters captured my heart. And kudos to CD Reiss for the fabulously detailed descriptions of the game of baseball.   I am a huge fan of CD Reiss but even if you've never read one of her books, give Hardball a try. It is glorious.   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review."
67	adjudicated	poor	Man I wish I hadn't read this yet so I could enjoy it again.
209	adjudicated	good	"This series is EVERYTHING!! Breathtaking romance, redemption, suspense, a sly sense of humor... this entire series just knocked the wind out of me!! This book was the perfect ending to the tale of Jackson and Jillian and all of the characters that I've grown to love through the course of three books.   Jillian Knight has become one of my favorite heroines ever. Damaged, feisty, strong-willed, smart and sarcastic, I was praying for her to have a happy ending!! And her unbreakable bond with her brother was absolutely brilliant.   ""In so many ways the greatest love story of her life was not with Luke or AJ ... it was with Jackson. He was the constant in her life. His love defined unconditional. Someday she would tell him ... someday.""   These two characters managed to fight their way out of almost unimaginable circumstances and both fought to find normalcy and happiness and love. That sounds sappy but there is not one false moment in this book and the author's writing literally took my breath away!! I could not put his story down until I found out what would happen to Jackson, Jillian, Ryn and Luke. Be wanted that there is graphic violence in this book, but it fit in with the storyline and the characters and it never felt gratuitous.   ""Control never lasted. Eventually the illusion of time, the pull of gravity, and catastrophic events reminded everyone of their mortality and their utter insignificance in the great big world. Life was nothing more than one long blink. Here today. Gone tomorrow.""   I have not binge-read a series of books in a very long time. This series was an exception, and I wish I could read these books all over again for the first time!! I ""ADORE"" this author and can't wait to read her other books.   ""Love is forever, yet waits for no one."""
480	adjudicated	poor	Fantastic, page-turning, gripping and unbelievably hot book. I am in love with both characters! Thank you, M. Pierce, for Matt and Hannah! By far, one of the most creative stories I have read in a long while. Drop everything and read Night Owl!   Read our full review here
95	adjudicated	average	"4 - 4.5 Stars!!   OMG!! Refreshing, smart, fun and swoony, I LOVED this book!! It was just what I needed. My favorite R.S. Grey book since 'Scoring Wilder'. If you are looking for something totally light and sexy, this book is for you!   Madeleine is an adorable and quirky heroine who is trying her best to get her life together. As a somewhat unsuccessful realtor, she adores her giant dog named Mouse (cute, right?) and loves her family and best friend Daisy. But her love life? Non-existent. DOA. That is, until the new veterinarian Dr. Adam Foxe arrives in town. But the good doctor is coming off a bitter break-up and is cynical and not looking for love, etc etc. Until Mouse (and Madeleine crash into his life!)   They strike up a mutually beneficial deal. A fake dating arrangement to satisfy Adam's nosy family and he will buy a house through Madeleine. Let the hilarity (and hormones) ensue!   ""No. No. A family barbecue is serious! This was not part of the deal.""   ""Technically, you agreed to do anything I needed you to do.""   ""That's when I thought you'd be asking me for a lung or something!""   ""So you were prepared to donate an organ, but a family barbecue is suddenly too much pressure?""   ""Don't try to be cute.""   Adam's family is charmed by Madeleine. And who wouldn't be? She is a sincere and honest and refreshingly REAL MC.   ""And you brought cookies?"" she asks, eyeing the Tupperware in my hand.   ""Freshly baked this morning,"" I brag.   She turns over her shoulder to Adam, who's following us into the house with Mouse by his side. ""I love her already!""   I bask in her praise. After the months from hell I've had recently, this is a much-needed reprieve. Hell, if all else fails, maybe I'll date Adam's mom?   'The Foxe & the Hound"" is a delightfully sexy story with the perfect amount of humor and heat. I loved the banter, the characters and the charming small-town Texas setting. I swear, R.S. Grey could be a TV comedy writer, that's how funny her dialogue is!!   ""I want to take a pair of scissors to her loud highlights, but I misplaced the scissors I usually keep in my top drawer a few months ago. Instead, I'm forced to stand, hang up on Daisy, and follow Lori over to the conference room with pen and paper in hand. We're the first two to arrive. She takes her usual spot beside Helen's chair, and I pick a spot on the opposite end of the table. Her perfume is strong. Chanel number five, she told me once, bragging. Oh really? On you it smells like a number two.   This was THE perfect read for a summer day or a weekend at the beach. I fell in love with Adam and Madeleine and the fictional setting of Hamilton, Texas. Bravo, Ms. Grey!! Keep writing more books like this one.   ""We should slow down,"" I sputter just before his mouth falls to my chest.   He swirls his tongue around my nipple and my eyes pinch closed. Or, y'know, speed up even more."
254	adjudicated	average	I love an erotic suspense and dark romance as much as the next person but this book just didn't quite do it for me. I literally felt dropped right into the middle of a story that had already begun, which was very disorienting. While many readers are raving about this book, for me there was no connection between the main characters and many of their actions felt mechanical, and the story, formulaic. I still would love to read the other books by this author, because their story lines sound very intriguing. Giving credit here for a very strong, kick-ass heroine, and a surprising ending.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
267	adjudicated	good	"4.5 STARS!!   Ethan Dexter is SMOKING HOT and sweet as sugar - my favorite combination!!   ""Just say the word and you can have me, Fiona.""   AS you can read from the synopsis, Ethan ""Dex"" Dexter is a pro football player who also happens to be a virgin. The author did an fabulous job with this part of the story (it is a romance, after all) and I totally believed the sweet-hot feelings that Dex and Fiona had for each other. First and foremost, this is a love story with fantastic steamy sex scenes and perfectly witty and funny banter between the characters.   Dex and Fi met years earlier and he has never forgotten her. She is a smart and feisty woman who is not so sure she wants to jump into a relationship with a professional football player who also happens to live in an other city. I loved how Dex practically wore his heart on his sleeve, which to me, made him all the more irresisitbile. Ms. Callihan writes loving, sexy men, and Dex is no exception. And the beard, tattoos and, ahem, piercings only added to his allure.   ""I want you badly enough to put all my cards on the table, show who I really am. So I guess it's your play now.""   I read this book almost non-stop and adored each and every character! Dex and Fi went through some difficult times and not all was sunshine and roses for them. The Game Plan is perfect for when you want a very sexy but light and fast-paced sports romance that will make you laugh out loud and TOTALLY swoon over the story's hero. I also loved how the author portrayed the trials and tribulations of living life in the public eye, and how Dex and Fi dealt with the very public intrusion into their private lives.   Kristen Callihan has quickly become one of my favorite writers. Enjoy sexy Dex!!   Favorite Quote:   ""I've been waiting two years for you to see me.""   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
24	adjudicated	average	"A fun, dark, slightly comical western about two killers (Charlie and Eli Sisters) on their way to California for the gold rush. Going into the mind of a killer is a strange experience - I'm not sure I totally enjoyed it. But what I did really enjoy was the authors writing; it was clean, fun, and even poetic - which made this book a quick enjoyable read.   I loved all the introspective one-liners that Eli kept throwing out. For instance:   ""but I could not sleep without proper covering and spent the rest of the night rewriting lost arguments from my past, altering history so that I emerged victorious.""   ""I thought, When a man is properly drunk it is as though he is an a room by himself--there is a physical, impenetrable separation between him and his fellows.""   Here is another miserable mental image I will have to catalog and make room for.""   ""It is true, I thought. I am living a life.""   ""The effects of her words stung me, and after she stole away I stood a long while before her looking glass, studying my profile, the line I cut in this world of men and ladies.""   I struggled however to find the point of this novel. What lesson was I meant to take away? What did we learn from Charlie and Eli's adventure? I suppose if anything the theme of the book was transformation. (view spoiler)[We witnessed Warm, Morris, and Eli have the courage to transform themselves and change their lives. In other words - it's easy to let life dictate your path. Eli's story of how Charlie sucked him into a life of crime was fascinating. Warm had a similar story of how he became a thief. We didn't learn about Morris's past, but we did see the difficulty of his decision to leave the Commodore's employment. (hide spoiler)] It takes guts to transform oneself - especially for the better."
223	adjudicated	excellent	"4 - 4.5 GRUMPY, SEXY STARS!!   ""The massiveness of his body was such a turn-on. He was an unyielding wall of a man. I just wanted to stay right here - literally pressed between a rock and a hard place. Forever.""   WELL HELLO, GRUMPY BEARDED FARMER!! Sarina Bowen NEEDS to write more adult contemporary romance! OMG Griffin is one of THE sweetest and sexiest heroes EVER. Adored the story. Sexy, funny and smart. Fabulous beginning to what I'm sure will be a fantastic series!!   I absolutely loved this story about Griff, a super-hot and always-grumpy farmer who lives and works with his large family on their farm in Vermont. I loved the wonderful details about apple farming, organic farming and the agricultural business!! This eye for detail just shows what an incredibly talented writer Sarina Bowen is.   Audrey is struggling to make her mark in the Boston restaurant world and is called upon to visit several farms in Vermont as part of her job. She runs into Griif, with whom she had a few hot hook-ups in college. Back then he was a superstar football player, but he thought she was a sorority party girl and she thought he would never be interested in someone like her.   Flash forward to the present, Audrey is trying to make it on her own without the help of her wealthy mother. Her bosses aren't exactly ethical in their business dealings, which Griff makes quite clear to her. BUT these two have some AMAZINGLY hot chemistry and can't seem to stay away from each other. I must say that Sarina Bowen surprised me with the heat level in BITTERSWEET!!! Griff is hot, sweet, huge and BEARDED. Audrey is hooked! But these two could not be more different: Griff is serious, usually grumpy and completely immersed in running his farm and the business side of farming, while Audrey, who is smart and driven, is funny, outgoing and much more of a people person.   ""You're the sweet that balances out my natural tannins.""   Griff is my kind of hero. Hardworking, sexy, sweet, devoted to his family...and when he opens up to Audrey and shows his true feelings, OMG!!! Perfection.   ""There was nothing I wouldn't have given her at that moment. Skin to skin with her was the only place I wanted to be.""   There is an incredible cast of supporting characters, I would love to read a story about each and every one. BITTERSWEET has humor, heat, wonderful writing and and a fast paced story. And plenty of sexy times to satisfy even the most jaded of contemporary romance readers (like me!) The only thing that kept this book from being a 5 star read for me was a scene early on that I felt was out of place in a sexy contemporary romance story. Other than that, I highly recommend this sweet, sexy and funny story!! Can't wait to read the next book in this series!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
262	adjudicated	good	"We didn't always want what was right. We wanted what we couldn't have.   God this book tore me up!!! Gutted me. Enthralled me. Made me feel anxious, sad, elated...all at once. Thank you, Tarryn Fisher, for this magnificent roller-coaster ride of a book. I won't ever forget it.   At once magical and painfully realistic, F*CK LOVE is like nothing you've read before. It has some similarities to one of all-time favorite series, The Love Me With Lies books, but it is different, unique and wonderfully, beautifully hopeful and cynical at the same time. Can that be? Tarry Fisher pulls it off with one of the most surprising books I've ever had the pleasure of reading.   The story begins with a completely disorienting scene that sets the tone for the rest of the book.   Kit hit me out of nowhere. I had a dream that made me take a closer look at a guy I was otherwise ignoring. And from that dream I discovered a connection. I don't even think about the dream anymore. For the last eight weeks I've been living it.   Yes, the main character Helena has a dream, in which she is living a life completely different from her current path. What will she do with it? Will her dream become her reality? In true Tarryn Fisher form, the author has created a kind, beautiful, smart and very quirky girl, who aches for what she cannot have.   ""We have something, Helena. In another life, it would have been a beautiful something."" That hurts. God, does it. I've seen that life. He doesn't even know what he's talking about. In his mind, I'm just some possibility that could have been, but in my mind, he's the only possibility.   F*ck Love is a wildly unpredictable book that is poignant and uplifting, funny and tragic, and will take you on a roller-coaster ride of emotions. I can't help but wonder how much of this story (if any) is based on real-life events. And yes, I imagine Tarryn Fisher herself as Helena. To me, it is a perfect fit! Don't miss F*ck Love, it is absolutely one of my favorite books of 2016.   Favorite Quote:   Be gentle with yourself. Embrace the lows so that you can more effectively enjoy the highs. Love the fight. Love it so much, and let it save you when your emotional muscles have become soft.   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review."
427	adjudicated	good	5 heart-stopping stars!!   Oh Mia, what have you done to my heart?   If you have read Mia Asher's first book ARSEN, then you know she is a master storyteller, taking the reader down one path and then surprising you with a twist that you didn't see coming. And that is exactly the way I felt when reading EASY VIRTUE. This book drew me in, grabbed me and didn't let go! I read this incredibly HOT book almost in one sitting. Blaire seems unlikeable, cold and calculating from the outside, but she really is a product of her sad childhood and massive insecurities that have shaped her adult life. Is she really capable of real love? I think so but you have to read this gem of a book for yourself to find out.   I absolutely fell in love with Ronan, he seems the perfect match for Blaire and he might be the one to show her true love. There are lots of twists and turns in this book and it should be read without reading any spoilers. It is the kind of book that warrants a re-read because there are hints dropped here and there about the future of the story. Make no mistake, this is an incredibly sexy and fast-paced read, and will have you turning the pages until the very end. My only complaint: I NEED MORE RONAN, NOW!! Highly recommended!!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
6	adjudicated	average	"A beautiful story. It is rare to encounter a book that does such a good job painting the scenes in your mind - you really felt like you were there and got to know the characters and the people they came across. I generally love WWII books and movies, but wasn't sure if I'd like one featuring a blind girl and a young Nazi radio operator - but he brings a lot of life to them.   That said, the novel drifts around a lot, and the plotline jumping forward and backward in time drove me nuts.   I thought a lot about if there is a theme to the book. One was the diamond and if it was really cursed (based on the Hope Diamond perhaps?). Another is that 20K Leagues is an awesome book. But I think the book was a lot about fear and the unknown, and how people deal with it. Marie-Laure was blind and couldn't tell what was happening around her - yet she was the bravest one. Werner was afraid of ending up as a miner, which drove him to join the army, and learn about radios. And Uncle Etienne was afraid dying from a sniper he couldn't see, so he didn't leave his house and he created a radio transmitter. So the moral of the story is... don't be paralyzed by your fears.   This, she realizes, is the basis of his fear, all fear. That a light you are powerless to stop will turn on you and usher a bullet to its mark."""
117	adjudicated	good	"No matter what happens, even on your worst day, find something to be grateful about. It'll make you feel better.   What a gorgeous book!! Emma Scott has a way of writing that is so beautiful, it is almost painful. But she also makes her characters seem real, very human, funny, flawed and just very authentic.   Zelda finds herself all alone in New York City, having been robbed and left with nowhere to stay, She came to New York to try and see her graphic novel but is rejected and told to revise her project to give it ""more heart."" She and Beckett meet by chance and I am not sure I have ever encountered two lonelier people than these two.   ""One person alone against winter was rough. But two people, together... Together. A word I never used.""   Beckett and Zelda both have heartbreaking pasts. They both can't seem to move on but Beckett takes a chance on Zelda and lets her stay with him in his tiny apartment, temporarily and just as roommates. Slowly, they begin to realize that they care for each other but neither of them think they truly deserve happiness. This is a slow-build romance and the author takes care in creating a connection between the two main characters. I could feel them falling in love and was literally sobbing at the end. It is hard to explain when a book has that certain spark that makes it memorable but whatever it is, The Butterfly Project has it all. The writing is beautiful and there is plenty of steam but it is believable and very explosive when Beckett and Zelda finally get together.   ""...I realized you could get used to anything--even being alone for years -- right until the moment you touched something better than what you had.""   A very sexy and emotional story, The Butterfly Project is one of my favorite books. It is a powerful tale of love and forgiveness. And the ""extras"" in this book are absolutely fantastic! All the stars to Emma Scott for this gorgeous story.   ""You are my home, baby,"" he said. ""I never want to be anywhere else.""   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review."
46	adjudicated	poor	Loved this book.
17	adjudicated	excellent	"An amazing and unique creation: JJ Abrams and Doug Dorst created what reads like a classic work of fiction - something you can easily imagine having read in English class - and then wrote a intriguing side story in the margins. A grad student (Eric) has left his annotated copy of SOT (Ship of Theseus) in the library, and an undergrad (Jen) finds it and replies to his annotations. This leads to them making exciting discoveries about the book, and also falling in love.   The first thing is this book is just beautifully printed. It looks and feels like a classic book, to the point where people would ask me why I'm reading such an old book. The marginalia feels real, and I can only imagine how hard that was to print. This is one that will be cool to keep on the shelves. Only complaint is the inserts are a cool idea, but they fall out all the time, and at this point I have no idea which pages they were supposed to be on.   The most interesting thing about this book to me is that it's a blueprint for how people discuss books. Sometimes they discuss the content of the book. Other times they use the content as a jumping off point to have a personal discussion. The nature of this book shows both, almost split 50/50. A key difference with this book - and the genius of it - is that most of us have to rely on memory to start a conversation with someone about a particular event or passage in the book. Here, our characters can literally underline a phrase like ""relationships"" and then talk about what is happening in their relationship at the moment.   One thing I didn't realize until later in the book is that the ship of Theseus is a real thing - it's an ancient Greek philosophical question - if you replace all the parts of something, is it still the same object? This inspires the ship that S is captured on, which sails through the mists of time, always getting fixed when needed. It's a ship that can't die. Or a series of ships :)   I found the story of Jen & Eric a lot more compelling than the SOT story. They were real characters that you could relate to. SOT felt like books you read in english class - a bit obtuse - and I still don't understand it all. But don't get me wrong - it's a pretty cool story. I particularly enjoyed the themes - like how it all begins and ends with water, and also how it was a lot about Straka's regret to fulfill his mission instead of living his life with his true love. Kind of like how S was on a mission, but didn't really know why - he just found himself caught up in it."
463	adjudicated	average	This is an action-packed, mafia-themed book with some romance that includes a hint of a classic love triangle. The story is told from multiple POVs which can be a little disorienting but which does give insight into the three main guy characters. I loved the chemistry between Nixon and Trace but I needed more romance! Their scenes together were sizzling but not explicit. This book explores the inner workings of mafia families and if you like mob stories, then you will love that part of the plot. There are a lot of secondary characters here, as well as lots of betrayals and violence...in short, a good look into the uncertain and tough world of crime families.   I am interested to see where Chase's story goes and hope there will be more written about him! I loved his scenes with Trace. Rachel Van Dyken is an excellent writer and there is never a dull moment with this story. Overall, I thought a Elect was a fast-paced read, with well-developed characters and lots of surprising plot twists.   (ARC provided by publisher in exchange for an honest review)
358	adjudicated	average	"4.5 stars!! Holy hotness!   The minute I saw Aleks Voinov's name in the acknowledgements, I knew I would LOVE this book, and I was right! His epic work Special Forces is one of my favorite books. Please heed the author warnings about Guns N' Boys, this is a dirrrrrrrty, homoerotic, violent crime thriller. But wow, what a ride! This book grabbed me from the first page an did not let go.   Seth is the son of a crime lord and is rescued and secreted home by the irresistibly sexy, dangerous and dominant Domenico. The two were childhood friends but hadn't seen or spoken to each other in years.   ""Domenico was the human equivalent of his motorbike. Fast and dangerous, yet impossible to resist taking a ride on, even at the risk of getting hurt.""   This book is a fast-paced, super-sexy, graphic and very intense story of two men in a forbidden relationship. Seth and Dom could not be more different, but yet find themselves drawn to each other. They must hide their relationship, and the underlying tension between these two had me on the edge of my seat.   There is a fantastic surprise for fans of the Dark Souls series!! Even if you haven't read the series, you will love the character of Sylvio. Guns N' Boys is a super-hot, incredibly well-written, steamy thriller. If you want to move outside your comfort zone and you love M/M books, then I highly recommend Guns n' Boys. There will be more books in this series and I absolutely cannot wait for the next installment!   For an EXCERPT and GIVEAWAY, go here --> The Book Bellas"
4	adjudicated	poor	Recommended reading to understand what is going on in middle america, and possibly better explain why Trump won. http://www.npr.org/2016/11/09/5013826...
219	adjudicated	excellent	"4 SEXY, FUN STARS!!   I will admit I did not think I would love this book as much as I did!! I am a HUGE fan of Alessandra Torre's writing, but I really thought this story might be a little too ""fluffy"" for me. I was completely wrong!! It is sexxxxxy, fun, sarcastic, witty and a love letter to New York City. The formatting of the book is gorgeous and very, very clever.   Chloe lived a pampered life as part of New York City's wealthy elite. As an NYU student, she never had worry about such trivial things as money or tuition. All of that comes to a screeching halt when her parents lose everything after being assessed of insider trading. But Chloe is nothing if not resourceful and finds a job as a personal assistant to a spoiled, mean and self-centered socialite, who also thinks of herself as an actress.   ""The wealth of the city lived in a different bubble than the rest of us. One where there were no worries of minor problems, the majority of which were easily solved by money. One comprised of beautiful women, powerful men, the drug of success heavy in the air, punctuated by diamond, caviar, and ego. For the first time, I was an outsider...""   Alessandra Torre writes some of my favorite books. She can be dark, twisty, and imaginative, and Love, Chloe shows what a versatile writer she is. This is a light, funny, romantic, fast-paced story, but with so many clever touches, that I enjoyed it immensely. Each chapter begins with an Instagram picture that were a perfect addition to the story. They set the tone for the next chapter and what was going on in Chloe's life.   This is a standalone novel and it delves not only into the world of New York City socialites, but also into the making of a movie, A-List and B-List actors and trying to survive in the Big City. Chloe has had to grow up fast and complicating things is her old boyfriend who keeps making unwanted appearances in the new life she is trying to make for herself.   Maybe the cultured, confident woman I was before was just a product of my parents' money. Maybe now, with my new life a train wreck, I would discover the real Chloe Madison.   And maybe, I wouldn't like her.   Maybe it wasn't too late for me.   Maybe all this was just my wakeup call.   Chloe finally finds an apartment that she can afford on her own, now that she is gainfully employed, and wouldn't you know it, she has a HOT super who just turns out to be a NICE guy on top of all that hotness!! And of course you know that you will be treated to some SIZZLING sex scenes. Carter is a total doll and it is obvious he really likes Chloe. I loved that she was insecure, that she really ended up being a hard worker, that she did the ""right thing"" in the end (you'll see what I mean) and that Alessandra Torre gives her a happy ending that she deserves. Does she ALWAYS make the right choices? No. But Love, Chloe is a little ""slice-of-life"" very modern book that is immensely enjoyable. The author continues to surprise with her ability to write across different genres. If you are looking for a very fast-paced book with humor, heart and tons of steam, Love, Chloe is defintely for you!   ""I love you, Chloe. Everything else fades away from that.""   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
406	adjudicated	good	Someone special once told me to dare to dream. For without dreams, we have nothing to look forward to. I'm starting to believe her.   The Resistance completely took me by surprise with its perfect writing, passionate and heartfelt characters, and absolutely fantastic sexy times!! This is the first book I have read by S.L. Scott and I can't wait to read her other novels.   I went into this blind and was drawn right into the fast-paced story of Holliday and Jack. Thank God for a smart, strong heroine! I am so tired of weak, cookie-cutter heroines and Holli was a breath of fresh air. She created her own business and the corporate side of this story was very realistic and not over-dramatized like many books have done lately. So thank you, Ms. Scott, for that. Holli doesn't need anyone, she's lonely but wrapped up in growing her business. So Jack Dalton is the last person she expects to fall for when she attends a convention in Las Vegas.   They have immediate chemistry but he is actually a very sensitive, lonely guy who also looking for a deeper connection than his usual parade of one-night stands.   Trust me, this book is so well-written that I lost myself in the words and read this in almost 1 day. I wish I would have read The Resistance slower! The storyline is also rich with other characters, and of course, lots and lots of hot sex.   I must feel that the main characters are emotionally connected to each other, and the author succeeds on all levels. I as a reader also must feel a connection to the characters and I really cared about Jack and Holli. Their dialogue is witty, they both grow emotionally during the story, and I can't say anything negative at all about The Resistance. I absolutely love a rock star story that explores the perils of fame and excess, and this book also does that perfectly. A must-read by an author to watch!
61	adjudicated	poor	One of my favorites from Grisham. The movie was good to (but of course not as good as the book)
111	adjudicated	excellent	"4.5 - 5 Stars!!!   ""You know your reputation is just what everyone else thinks of you, your character is what you really are.""   Run, don't walk, to read this fantastic sports romance!! I am officially in love with Mariana Zapata's writing. This is my second book by this fantastic author and I am currently reading The Wall of Winnipeg and Me. I can't get enough!!   I adore her strong heroines. Sal is a star soccer player in her Texas hometown. She's driven, focused and yes, a little socially awkward. She is absolutely shocked when she learns that her childhood idol, the superstar Reiner Kulti, is going to be one of her team's assistant coaches.   I just sat there with the phone still to my face, lying in my bed two hundred miles away from where I'd grown up, soaking in the idea that Reiner Kulti--the Reiner Kulti-- was going to be my coach. I swallowed the nerves and anticipation down. No big deal. Right.   Oh, and she also was sure that one day, she and Kulti would be married. She worshipped him until the cold reality of the sport brought her idol down a notch or ten and her dreams of a happily ever after were destroyed. Sal tries to hold it together and play it cool when Kulti arrives but she is starstruck just like everyone else.   To my absolute horror, my inner thirteen-year-old, the one that had planned on marrying this guy and having soccer-playing super-babies with him, peeked in and reminded me she'd been around once.   Kulti makes no friends when he joins the coaching staff. He is surly, silent and downright mean to everyone, players and fans alike. But Sal keeps reminded herself that he is human, just like everyone else, no better and no worse, and gradually, they reach a truce and an understanding. They actually become friends, with Kulti confiding in Sal that he doesn't trust anyone but he sees a real goodness and honesty in Sal.   This book is a fantastic, enjoyable, slow-burn romance that had me literally staying up all night to finish. There is just something about Mariana Zapata's writing that is insanely addictive and completely REAL. My heart literally burst with emotion and I fell in love with Kulti. BUT do not expect instal-love here. In fact I wasn't even sure the main characters were ever going to have a civil conversation, let alone fall in love!!   ""I used to have a huge crush on you.""   The German blinked at me and I had to fight the urge to twitch -- that would just make me look like I had something to hide. Which I did, but it wasn't like I wanted him to know that once upon a time there'd been posters of him all over my wall. Or that 'Sal loves Kulti' had been written in marker on every single notebook and folder I owned in middle school.   ""Used to. Used. To. I was a little kid back then.""   Kulti seems hostile to everyone, including Sal. She slowly realizes that having worldwide fame and fortune might not be all that it's cracked up to be and that Kulti really can't lead a 'normal' life. Slowly Sal and Kulti become friends which poses a huge problem since he is one of the coaching staff. But the lines become blurred because Sal still has a huge crush on the very intimidating German.   I'm not going to lie, not even a little bit. Besides a big butt, I had a thing for guys that spoke different languages. While Reiner Kulti was every bit as impressive of a male specimen as you could get physically, the way he spoke Spanish multiplied his attractiveness by about thirty percent. Okay, thirty percent minimum. But it wasn't like I could or would think about that too much. He was my coach. And I was his friend. Or something like that.   This book is funny, sexy, romantic, exciting, action-packed...need I say more? Even if you are not a fan of sports romance, you will fall in love with Kulti. The author either really knows the sport of soccer (or football depending on your country) or she did some phenomenal research. The story was a pure delight from beginning to end. The last 20% of the book had me in tears!! I cannot recommend Kulti highly enough!! Mariana Zapata can do no wrong in my eyes. Kulti and Sal share a deep connection and a beautiful love story. This book is a must-read!   ""This,"" he pointed between us. ""This is what matters. You are my gift, my second chance, and I will cherish you and your dream. I will protect both of you."
319	adjudicated	poor	Loving or warring, it always felt good with her. Although loving was better, because I got to sleep over. Fantastic addition to Tate and Jared's story! Full review to come.
429	adjudicated	good	"This dark and fantastic story completely and utterly thrilled me and captivated me from the very first page. Our heroine Nila is a successful fashion designer, although she has led a somewhat sheltered life (which actually plays quite nicely into the storyline). On the night of her big runway show, she encounters Jethro Hawk and she senses immediately that her life will change. And does it ever.   ""That was my last day of freedom. The last day that was my own.""   As a huge Pepper Winters fan, I absoultely loved this mind-f* of a story and the dark elements did not disturb me, but only enthralled me. It seems as though the demanding Jethro has no redeeming qualities, but I feel there are hints of much more to come about this mysterious man in the future installments. He fascinated me. The story is quite twisty and yes, somewhat fantastical, but this is a true page-turner, no doubt about it.   ""One mistake six hundred years ago put a curse on her entire family. One mistake sold her life to me in a mountain of unpayable debt. I inherited her. I preyed on her. I owned her life and had the piece of paper to prove it.""   I absolutely loved this book and urge you to give it a try. Yes, there is a cliffhanger but the story is so well-written, it is truly one of a kind ad not to be missed."
30	adjudicated	good	"** spoiler alert **   An interesting book in terms of it's structure: 5 distinct stories that cascade into each other in subtle ways, then wind back out. This way of doing the structure was unique, and certainly very cool to see the subtle way they were tied together. But in the end it was kind of gimmick and probably not necessary.   I generally don't try to summarize novels in my reviews, but in this case there was so much going on that the exercise was helpful.   Story 1: The Pacific Journal of Adam Ewing. Later revealed to be a journal in other stories. A story about a rather weak-willed protagonist, who is constantly taken advantage of by others (the ships captain, Dr Goose). Interesting side story about the peaceful native Moriori tribe and how they were taken advantage of.   Story 2: Robert Frobisher. Perhaps my favorite story - about a penniless young musician who as a last-ditch attempt apprentices himself to an old master musician, Vyvyan Ayrs. The story is told through letters to a friend, Sixsmith, who appears in the next story. The story is about how Frobisher, the apprentice, goes from being overjoyed to have a job to being resentful that the master is using him and stealing his stuff. Robert sleeps with VA's wife the whole story, but ends up falling in love with the daughter in a cruel twist of fate.   Story 3: Luisa Rey. Modern age story about a young journalist hot on the heels of a big scandal involving an energy company. Sixsmith is an engineer who leaks the story to her, and also has the letters from story #2. Classic detective-esque story, with lots of people willing to kill to protect their secrets and power.   Story 4: Timothy Cavendish. Modern age story about a book editor who gets a smash hit, then the author's mafia-esque family get's on his case and he's on the run. He lands in a old-persons home/prison. This story is kind of a nightmare, and is revealed to be a movie in the next story.   Story 5: Somni 451. One of favorites, for how different it was. Set in the far future in an asian country, humans have genetically created clones that serve as slaves. This lower class is regarded as unintelligent and controlled with drugs - but our protagonist, Somni, breaks through and becomes self-conscious. The scary thing is I can easily see this happening! Told as recollections in an interview.   Story 6: Sloosha's Crossin'. Story of Zach'ry and Meronym in post apocalyptic Hawaii. Somni is now their deity. Story of the Valleysmen people and their struggle for freedom against neighboring tribes.   All six stories were very graphic and real, and had extremely good character development. Mitchel could with a single sentence describe someone that you understood in a way I can't describe here.   I wish the stories had more themes in common so I could say what I learned from this book. Though I suppose if I had to put my finger on it, the major theme was freedom and slavery. Ewing was under the control of Dr Goose and the ship captain, Frobisher became an unwilling servant to Arys, Luisa Rey needed to find the truth in order to free herself from the corporate villians, Frobisher was a prisoner bent on escape in a nursing home, Somni was literally a slave in her society and focused on freedom, and Zach'ry's people were captured and enslaved. All the stories touched on various ways people can ""enslave"" and control other people for various reasons.   I suppose the point is human beings are all greedy and will try to control other human beings, but if we are strong we can survive and find a way to free ourselves. Sounds good anyways, so I'll stick with that - but am interested to hear what other people thought."
438	adjudicated	average	"4.5 stars!! I absolutely loved this sweet and sexy romance novel! The story of how Kate blossoms once she arrives in Napa Valley for her latest assignment had me hooked and I read this fabulous book almost in one sitting. The chemistry between Kate and Jamie was real and relatable to me and I fell in love with the California and Chicago settings of this story.   Kate is in a ho-hum relationship with a boyfriend who really doesn't even pay that much attention to her. and decides to leap at the chance to interview a reclusive tech millionaire at his winery in Napa Valley. She has learned to rely on only herself, which is kind of poignant and sad.   ""I'm all I've got.""   Jamie is one of the winery workers and let's just say he brings Kate out of her shell.   ""Food is like love,you know?""   ""Yes,"" I said breathlessly.   ""We need it to stay alive.""   There is so much more to this story, and it is a richly written, lovely romance that left me wanting more! There are spoilers to this story, and no, I didn't see them coming, unlike other readers. I absolutely loved the characters and the story took my breathe away. Nowhere but Here is a must-read for lovers of a solid story, contemporary romance and a swoony leading man!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review)"
472	adjudicated	good	4.5 stars!! Hard As It Gets not only hooked me in from the first page, it actually had me at the cover. Whoa! The publisher was kind enough to send me a paperback and it is stunning. Now, on to the novel. I absolutely loved this very suspenseful and totally HOT story of Becca and Nick and the introduction into the Hard Ink world. Becca is frantically searching for her missing brother, and her search leads her to Nicholas Bixey and Hard Ink, the tattoo parlor he co-owns with his brother. Nick resists her at first but then is drawn into helping her, due to the deep ties he had with her military father and because he is completely attracted to her. The action begins and doesn't let up until the last page. There are some loose ends left (NOT a cliffhanger though!) and I can't wait to see where the author takes us with the underlying mystery.   One of the reasons why I loved this romantic suspense story is because the relationship between Becca and Nick builds nicely and is very believable. Yes, their chemistry is off the charts but they both treat each other with respect and Becca could have been a pushover but she's actually a very strong character.   Hard As It Gets is a tough, sexy, action-filled mystery filled with well-written, fantastic characters. I'm eager to read more about each and every one. Nick is one hot Alpha male and I loved the VERY steamy sexy times between Nick and Becca. Wowza! Ms. Kaye really knows how to turn up the heat! This was my very first Laura Kaye novel and I'm hooked! I'm looking forward to reading more books in this series.   (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review)
27	adjudicated	average	** spoiler alert **   Loved it. The epic saga continues. The poor Starks are torn apart, but yet are surprisingly resilient. In fact, pretty much every major character is in danger of dying and some even do. It's a bit tough to read, as you really wanted The King In The North to succeed. And Dany is fast becoming an interesting part of the plot that has yet to intermix with the rest of the characters.   I'll be starting the next one soon. These books are like crack.
8	adjudicated	poor	Numerous people in publishing have told me this will be the book of the year.
454	adjudicated	average	I am a big fan of Scott Hidlreth's writing style (his Baby series is fantastic, and I highly recommend the books) so I was excited to read Undefeated. This book is written in a raw, take-no-prisoners style which is refreshing and different. This is not the usual damaged-hero-and-heroine story but instead is a real, gritty portrayal of two people who have endured suffering and abuse (graphically portrayed, so be warned) but who manage to come together and yes, fall in love.   Kace has what can only be described as severe social anxiety disorder and it's a miracle she even could hold a conversation with Shane, let alone let him love her. And Shane is surprisingly introspective, tender and loving, despite his sad background.   Undefeated contains what I thought to be very realistic and detailed fighting scenes which are really written in a different style than the fighter books I have previously read, I guess due to the author being male. The erotica in this book comes a little later in the story, but is super-steamy and sexy nonetheless.   If you are looking for a book that is written in a very raw style with very real people, then I recommend Undefeated. And please heed the author's warning about the violence, it's very, very graphic! And give his Baby series a try, you will love them.   (ARC provided the author in exchange for an honest review.)
109	adjudicated	good	"First let me be clear that I ADORE Mia Asher and love her books. And this book was a perfectly sexy, fast-paced and truly engrossing story. And the cover...WOW!! One of my favorite covers ever and that is very important to me in deciding whether to read a book.   The description is fabulous and the first half of the book was really fantastic. Just what I love in a contemporary romance. Valentina has been hurt by her husband William, and decides to stay in Paris alone when William cancels his travel plans there. Their trip was going to be an effort to reconnect as husband and wife, and re-kindle their love for each other.   Valentina has become somewhat lost in her marriage, and feels that Paris will give her freedom and the opportunity to find her true self once again. She feels herself growing stronger as a person every day, and falls in love with the city.   ""My arms outstretched, I'd danced to the vibrant music of life. I prayed for romance, adventure, the unknown. I wanted to fall in love and love to the point of no return. I wanted the turmoil, the stress, the upheaval, and chaos--the Sturm und Drang.""   And Sebastien. HOLY HELL!! I loved him from the minute he was introduced into the story!! A sexy French artist, what could be bad, non? Wellllll....besides stating that he was an artist and mentioning one or two of his paintings, there was no discussion of the art scene in Paris, what his artistic process was, just, nothing. I would have loved some discussion of his art. Something to fill out this part of the storyline.   But I digress. Valentina meets the gorgeous and mysterious Sebastien and the two really connect. Sebastien has been emotionally closed off for many years, but finds himself falling in love with the beautiful, kind and sweet Valentina. I adore a good love triangle and I really felt tremendous sympathy for Valentina. She truly was torn between her husband and Sebastien.   ""One day you're going to stop running away from me. And when that day finally comes, I'll be here waiting for you,"" he whispers softly, his words a caress. ""Now go ... before I change my mind and decide it doesn't please me to share you with others after all.""   There were some minor inconsistencies in the story but overall I loved the book until the last part. The plot just descended for me into soap-opera territory and was reminiscent of a favorite movie of mine - but it just didn't work for me here. Fans of Mia Asher will love this book, it just was not a favorite of mine. I will always read what Mia writes and eagerly look forward to her next books!   Favorite quote:   ""Il n'y a qu'un bonheur dans la vie, c'est d'aimer et d'etre aime."" There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.   Our bodies are covered in sweat. The room smells like our dirty souls. And I fucking love it.   There are others with far more classical features than hers. But none of them can hold a candle to her. She reminds me of the sea: untamed, unpredictable, but beautiful, so damn beautiful."
38	adjudicated	average	One of the most enjoyable stories I've read in some time. Captain Jack Aubrey was a fascinating character. You just wanted him to succeed - to capture the Spanish vessel, to gain the respect of his men, to gain the respect of the Admiral.   The book is set during the Napoleonic Wars, and it was interesting to see all the Kings ships were nothing but glorified pirates, capturing all vessels they could on the open seas.   The book also strongly reminded me of my sailing lessons from last summer - I still had to look a lot of words up, but I remembered ones like leeward and abeam. Makes me want to go sailing!
158	adjudicated	excellent	"I love you all the way.   This is an EPIC story that was simply unputdownable, filled with characters that I will never, ever forget. The writing is outstanding! Nothing I can say in a review will do any justice to this gem but I will try.   Certainly not a story for everyone, the book is at its heart a love story and what can happen when two human beings really, truly, deeply love each other and care for each other. Wavy and Kellen meet when she is just a young girl, but she is wise beyond her years, having suffered horrible emotional and physical abuse. Wavy has the misfortune to be the daughter of a meth dealer and a mentally-unstable mother. She learns young how to take care of herself and fly under the radar.   There are lots of adults who drift in and out of her life and it is heartbreaking to see how misguided almost all of them are. From a well-meaning aunt to teachers who should know better, everyone basically fails Wavy and her little brother. Except for Kellen.   ""He smelled good. Sweat and motorcycle and wintergreen. No stinking weed smoke. No perfume. No sadness. He smelled like love""   He is the one constant in her grim life, the one person she can always count on, no matter what. He provides her with shelter, clothing, all the basic needs that a parent should, plus love. I never viewed their relationship as odd, mostly because of the insightful points of view of the main characters. But for sure some readers will be uncomfortable with their age difference.   The author's use of different narrators is brilliant. Especially sympathetic is Wavy's cousin, who is in awe of Wavy's wild ways. Wavy lives on and off with her aunt and cousins, but they really never know the depth and depravity of Wavy's unstable home life.   ""Wavy in her black leather boots didn't fit in the catalog. She tore open the catalog and made surprising things happen. Like Ken in a dress.""   This book is the best book I've read all year. I could not put it down. My favorite parts of the book are when the author Bryn Greenwood describes how painful it is for Wavy to speak. Words are almost real, tangible things for Wavy, that can be felt and tasted. Brilliant.   This story spans many years and is filled with some of the most unforgettable characters that I have ever read. I absolutely loved how whip-smart Wavy was, and how she silently observed and took in everything around her. She is obsessed with the constellations and her sweet spot is gazing at the stars at night with her beloved Kellen.   ""I liked learning things. How numbers worked together to explain the stars. How molecules made the world. All the ugly and wonderful things people had done in the last two thousand years.""   Wavy never lost hope and pushed forward though life no matter how dire her circumstances were. My heart also broke for Kellen, a giant of a man who always treated Wavy with love and tenderness. They had a bond that was unbreakable. I can't think of anything more to say about this stunning book other than to please read it! It will change your life.   ""I wanted a fairy tale ending for Wavy, because if she could find happiness, there would be hope for me, too."""
490	adjudicated	average	4.5 stars!! The Bellas' joint review:   Cathy: I really liked this story about Jackson and Serenity! I felt sympathy for Serenity because of the situation she was forced into by Hogan, at the same time I was mad at her for doing what she was to the MC. I really loved Jackson. He's kind and helpful underneath the rough exterior. He really wants to help Serenity sort her shit out. It doesn't   hurt that that he is hot as hell and the sex is great. Knights' Sinner is a great, quick read.   Ellen: Once again, Bella delivers a super-hot, sexy story with characters you can sympathize with. I loved Serenity and the chemistry between Jackson and her is amazing. There are some super-steamy scenes between them, I loved Jackson because he is a little older and really knows what he wants. The age difference between Jackson and Serenity keeps things interesting. The story has just enough tension and drama to keep this a page-turner, there is some violence but the sex is HOT HOT HOT. And although I am sad that this is the last book in this series, Muff will be getting a novella! I can only hope it will be as hot as the MC Sinners' books!
119	adjudicated	good	I want to own every inch of your skin, to be the only man who touches you, who tastes you. You think I wouldn't bid on a woman? That I shouldn't bid on you, of all people? I'll spend every cent I have, break every goddamn law to keep you.   The second book of the Endgame series begins right were 'The Pawn' ended. Avery has really hit rock bottom. She is living in a rundown motel and has lost everything. But she is determined to get back what is precious to her and 'The Knight' is another deliciously dark romance that features some great characters and writing.   Gabriel really cares for Avery. He is outwardly cruel but their scenes together are everything I love about Skye Warren's writing. He was almost brutally cruel in the first book but here, he seems to finally show his true feelings. But Avery wants nothing more then to get revenge on the man she believes led to her father's downfall. Make no mistake, Gabriel Miller is still a harsh and brutal figure, and he still remains mysterious.   I love the supporting characters in this book and would love to read more about Avery's mother! The circumstances surrounding her death become more and more mysterious and I hope that the third book in this series tells more of her story. 'The Knight' ends on a surprising note and I can't wait to read 'The Castle,' the third book in this series.   Skye Warren once again delivers the goods in this story. This series is dark, very sensual and dangerous. Highly recommend these books for all lovers of dark and sexy romance.
115	adjudicated	excellent	"4.5 Stars!!!   Romance lovers, rejoice and meet your next book boyfriend, Gabriel Dalton!   ""You can't fix me you know...""   Mia Sheridan really knows how to create characters who have damaged souls and rough beginnings. People who are bullied, shunned and shut out from normal human interaction and love. And she's done it again with 'Most of All You.' Gabriel and Crystal's story is a rough journey and uncomfortable in parts, but so beautiful and uplifting that it is well worth the journey.   ""He needed someone warm and caring. Someone who would nurture him and piece back together the broken parts. Someone who would look in his eyes and be his calming spirit. I was not that girl...   This is in the end a totally swoon-y contemporary romance that has just the right amount of gritty reality to keep the story interesting. The main characters have both experienced deep heartache and childhood trauma that would break an ordinary person. Although this is most definitely a love story, the lovely way that Mia Sheridan treats Gabriel and Crystal's new and fragile friendship is the center and heart of the story. Books like this are why I read contemporary romance. Passion, honesty, damaged people simply searching for ordinary kindness - this book has it all.   ""I was spellbound, caught once again in his gaze. No one has ever looked at me the way Gabriel was right then, not in all my life.""   While the more sinister elements of the plot are not detailed at length, there is enough revealed about both characters' pasts that explains why they act the way they do and the lives they currently lead. Gabriel is such a beautiful person that my heart ached for him throughout the book.   ""Choice is such a loaded word, isn't it? Choices, though our own, were so weighted down with all the things that had come before, so stained with the messes of our past.""   This is a slow-burn romance but Gabriel and Crystal's story is SO worth the wait! Insta-love would NOT have worked here and I'm glad Mia Sheridan did not give into that often-used trope. Both main characters needed time to overcome their emotional barriers. And it felt oh so sweet when they finally come together.   ""I wasn't a victim. I was a survivor...""   Mia Sheridan never fails to entice her readers. This is a heartfelt, sweet and very story and perfect for any romance reader. There is not too much darkness (I don't want to give too much away about the plot) but just enough to add drama and tension to the story. I guarantee you will fall in love with Gabriel Dalton!   ""The longer she'd touched me, the more a yearning rose in my soul, so strong it took my breath.""   ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review."
176	adjudicated	average	"4.5 STARS!   ""He changed the story.""   Hellloooo, Damien!! I LOVED this very funny, passionate and emotional story from the fabulous Penelope Ward!!! Having read STEPBROTHER DEAREST, I could not WAIT to dive into this story. BUT even though that is one of my favorite books, and I highly recommend it, you do NOT have to read it first.   Chelsea has been left completely brokenhearted by her ex, Elec. She thought he was the ""one"". He declared his devotion to her and she thought they would grow old together. But it was just not meant to be. Chelsea moves into a new apartment in a new neighborhood to escape the memories of her old life. At first it seems as though her HOT new neighbor Damien can't stand her, but then they begin to build a fantastic friendship that turns oh-so-slowly into a gorgeous romance.   Damien is a brilliant artist who also happens to own the building where Chelsea lives. He has two Rottweilers who play a big part of this story and who are one of the reasons why Damien and Chelsea meet and get off to a rocky start to begin with. There's lots more to Damien then meets the eye, and learning about him is part of the wonderful experience of reading this book.   Chelsea is extremely insecure after being suddenly dumped by Elec, and Damien's compliments and the way he sees her really help to boost her confidence. She is wildly attracted to Damien but he makes it clear she is in the friend-zone. But why can't they be more than just friends?? Has his heart been broken, too? What secret is he hiding??   ""I looked closer at what I'd messaged him and realized it hadn't come through the way I'd intended. the auto correct had actually changed the message to: Wanna duck? Great. That was smooth.""   Damien is the whole package: smart, hot, loving, sweet, attentive...but why is he constantly pushing Chelsea away?   ""You're in my heart and I can't get you out. I don't know if I want to. Being with you is the only thing that feels right.""   NEIGHBOR DEAREST is a VERY sexy, character-driven book that is totally readable and perfectly swoony. Ms. Ward has created another unforgettable book boyfriend with Damien. The supporting characters are all fantastic. And I absolutely LOVED the message of this book: things happen for a reason and just because someone leaves you, it doesn't mean that you can't find happiness again. *SIGH*   ""You know why it didn't work out with him?""   ""Why?""   ""Because God made you for me.""   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review."
374	adjudicated	good	"Stepbrother Dearest is, to put it simply, one of my favorite books this year. I am trying to avoid using the word epic here as it has been overused a bit, but this story took me on an incredible journey that left me nothing short of anxious, elated, enchanted and drained. Penelope Ward is hands down one of my favorite authors and this book is an absolute must read.   The story follows Greta and Elec who are step-siblings. But like all of Ms. Ward's books, there are many layers and nuances to this book and nothing is quite as it seems.   ""I won't give you exactly the same thing...but I can give you more. Okay? I can give you better. It may be one night, but I will make every second count.""   Although Elec is her stepbrother, I really didn't feel that Greta's love for him was forbidden. You will have to read the book and judge for yourself on that one. What I did feel was the incredible sexual tension, emotion, surprise, and yes, even humor in Ms. Ward's writing.   ""Nowadays, every single guy seemed to pale in comparison to Elec on the physical attraction meter. I wanted to crush that meter with a sledgehammer.""   Greta is smart, quirky, funny and compassionate. Elec is angry, cocky, sexy and irresistible. Slowly but surely, Greta begins to see behind his angry facade and they eventually form a deep bond.   ""... I thought about how ironic it was that this guy who'd done nothing but try to chase me away and intimidate me was the one person in the world I felt like I wanted to protect.""   But this is only in the first part of the book! In true Penelope Ward style, STEPBROTHER DEAREST is a richly woven tale that spans many years. The characters grow, move on, and the story almost loops back on itself. No spoilers here, just read this sexy, funny, emotional and fascinating story for yourself. And be prepared to have your heart stolen by Elec.   (*ARC kindly provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
182	adjudicated	poor	For some reason, this story did not hold my interest. Stopped at about 35% but will pick this one up again later. I usually devour KA books but I'm moving on.
145	adjudicated	average	I read this sweet and warm romance in one sitting. Not too much angst, but plenty of steam and heart to satisfy every fan of contemporary romance. The story revolved around a sexy pilot, Carter, who embarks on a romantic and unplanned adventure with Kendall, a girl who is running from her future.   'Playboy Pilot' is a fast-paced, glamorous story that takes the reader to places around the world. It is a bit of escapist fantasy that is grounded in reality but is very funny, sexy, and enjoyable.   Kendall and Carter meet in an airport when she is trying to decide what to do with the rest of her life. Carter is sexy as hell, a gorgeous pilot, and right then Kendall makes a rash decision that will change her life. Yes, Carter has had a wild past but he is completely honest with Kendall and does not try to hide his past. This is ultimately a very sweet romance, filled with lots of heart, written in the style that I love by these two authors. You can always count on a happy ending for the MC's in Penelope and Vi's books even if their path is not so smooth getting there. Enjoy!   All good things must come to an end, right?   Except our ending was one I didn't see coming.
370	adjudicated	average	"I love books that give an alternate POV so Killer Queen was just the right story for me. You can absolutely read this as a standalone - but L.H. Cosway is such a talented writer that you should give Painted Faces a try, too. Nicholas is such a memorable and haunting character that I will always remember him. Beautiful, sexy, sensitive, angry and loving -- he is all these things and more.   ""I like to think of myself as a wonderful and unique snowflake.""   Killer Queen is basically Nicholas' POV along with some additional scenes. You really gain a lot of insight into Nicholas' character in this book and the Epilogue is absolutely fantastic. This is a very, very unique story - definitely not your standard contemporary romance - and it will change the way you look at gender and sexuality and men and women. I also loved the added touch of song lyrics at the beginning of each chapter to really match the tone of the story.   I love L.H. Cosway's writing and have every one of her books on my Kindle. Can't wait to read more by this incredibly gifted author.   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
391	adjudicated	average	What an adult, sexy and witty story!   Alice Clayton writes very realistic and humorous banter between Simon and Caroline and I laughed out loud through many parts of this book. An added plus is the incredible chemistry between these two and the sexy times are absolutely hot and very satisfying! This story is about real-life, Simon and Caroline have real-world professions and work hard just like lots of outer couples to make their passionate relationship work. Jobs, friends, family, and yes, even all-seeing Clive all intervene into their blissful existence.   I loved the way Simon and Caroline's relationship grows in this book. They learn more about each other and their witty banter is funny and realistic. Caroline has to make some tough decisions this book but all is done with good grace and humor. There is no over-the-top drama or contrived situations. But Simon is absolutely still gorgeous, sexy, romantic and swoon-wrothy and can still sweep Caroline off her feet.   I also loved all of the supporting characters, and Simon and Caroline's friends play a major role in Rusty Nailed. I can't wait to read more about them in upcoming books in this series. Rusty Nailed is everything you expect from Alice Clayton: intelligent, witty dialogue; steamy chemistry; and true love and caring not only between Simon and Caroline, but between all of their friends. I can't wait for Screwdrivered!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
196	adjudicated	average	"She's the love of my life. And I'm not walking away from her, even for a second.   A Thousand Boy Kisses is a lovely, poignant and sweet coming-of-age story with just the right amount of heat. Poppy and Rune are sure to become two of Tillie Cole's most beloved characters. I fell in love with both of them!   Kiss eight hundred and nineteen was the kiss that changed it all. The kiss that proved that a long-haired brooding boy from Norway and a quirky girl from the Deep South could find a love to rival the greats.   Hopefully you haven't read any spoilers for this book because I will say that the ending COMPLETELY surprised me! These two completely and totally loved each other from the time they were children. They were inseparable. Then Rune suddenly has to move away with his family, but the worst heartbreak was that Poppy cut him off with no explanation. His heart was broken. But that's not even the sad part of the book. Rune returns several years later but he is different, changed, all because of what he suffered through.   Poppy is devastated to realize that her treatment of Rune is what caused him to become moody and cold towards her. When she finally tells him the truth about why she cut him off, he becomes totally devoted to her. Please listen to the author's own description of this book as a ""tearjerker""! Because that's what it is. I loved Rune's absolute devotion to Poppy and her strength and bravery was beautiful.   This is an extremely emotional book but yet the story and the characters are incredibly engaging. I loved everything about this book, from the gorgeous cover to the story behind the thousand kisses. Grab a box of tissues and be prepared to fall in love with Poppy and Rune.   (ARC kindly provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
405	adjudicated	good	"Until Nico is the fourth book in a series but it can be read as a standalone (I have not yet read the first three books and I still thoroughly enjoyed Nico!!) All of the other characters play a role in the story but the author did a great job at making this purely Nico and Sophie's story. I absolutely LOVED the dirty-talking, possessive and sweet Nico! I was surprised at the quick way they met and fell for each other, as I am not usually a fan of Insta-love. But it worked perfectly here.   """"You know, the moment I saw you, I knew you were the one for me,"" I say gently, watching her eyes get big. ""You're mine, Sophie. Every beautiful inch of you is mine.""   Nico is the love-'em-and-leave-'em type. He is also very family-oriented, sexy as hell and willing to take his time (sort of) with the shy and closed-off Sophie. The sex scenes are AMAZING and off-the-charts steamy!   ""I know what I want. I always get what I want. And that's the last thought in my head before I fall asleep.""   Until Nico has really strong characters, a very sweet storyline and because Nico is a bounty hunter, there is of course lots of action thrown in. I really liked this story and am looking forward to reading the first three books in this series!"
276	adjudicated	average	Skye Warren is one of my go-to dark romance authors. Each of her stories is richly detailed, deeply felt and intensely sexy. Better When It Hurts is no exception. Although I have not read Love the Way You Lie, I was able to jump right in to Blue and Lola's story here. Both are very damaged characters who had to learn how to survive on their own from a young age.   These two have a long past together which is why Blue insists on acting as security on the nights she dances at the club where they both work. Lola tries to put on a tough exterior but her toughness is just an act that is in part driven by guilt over what happened between the two of them when they were foster kids. This is a gritty story but as with all Skye Warren books, the sex scenes are totally hot and very, very intense.   Lola is not always the most likable character but she is very real and just trying to do what she has to in order to survive. Blue is totally Alpha, sexy, domineering and despite the hard exterior, is a guy with a heart. These two have incredible chemistry. If you like grittier stories with lots of erotic scenes and the right touch of romance, then Better When It Hurts is for you! Another great story from Skye Warren.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
455	adjudicated	good	"LOVE, IN ENGLISH is an absolutely magnificent, gorgeously written and totally captivating contemporary romance from Karina Halle. I think that every reader's own hopes, fears and dreams color their perception of a book, and to say that I was blown away by Vera Miles being an astronomy student is a mild understatement. I was completely fascinated from Page 1 with our heroine Vera, a whip-smart, unique, insecure beauty who marches to the beat of a different drummer. Thank you, Karina, for a heroine who's real, flawed, emotional and, in the end, very open to love.   This book transported me to Spain with its sexy and romantic story of Mateo and Vera, two mismatched lovers thrown together by chance. Vera is a young Canadian college student who takes a temporary summer job in Spain, to provide English-only conversation to Spanish attendees. Mateo is a handsome, married ex-footballer, well-known in Europe and older than Vera but quite discontent with his life. Their love builds slowly, beautifully, painfully and with tons and tons of off-the-charts chemistry.   While in Spain, Vera learns to slow down, appreciate life and be in the moment. The scenes between her and Mateo are absolutely breathtaking and almost painfully beautiful. He sees her inner and outer beauty, and in his eyes, she is a bright and shining star. His ""Estrella"".   ""Design your own universe, make your own stars, write your own stories and create your own destiny.""   This is not a book where the decisions of the hero and heroine are made lightly or without thought to the consequences. I really felt Mateo's agony as he struggled to do the right thing but to also follow his heart and live his life to the fullest. Love, in English is ultimately a beautifully written journey of two very different people who fall madly in love. If you care about such things, this is a standalone book but you will be sad for it to end! I leave you with my favorite quote from Love, in English, and the unqualified recommendation that you read this book. You will love it!   ""What is love? In English.""   I raised my brows. ""Love, in English, is love...""   ""What is it in Spanish?   I was so enthralled by his hypnotic eyes, I could barely remember. ""Amore?""   He shook his head ever so slightly. ""No. Love in Spanish is you."""
142	adjudicated	good	"3.5 - 4 STARS   ""Today would be different. Tomorrow would be different. Forever would be different. She could fight me all she wanted. She could vent and freak the fuck out to whoever she was on the phone with. But, when I hit the bottom stair, I would not be leaving. Ever.""   While this book was very readable and had a fast-paced plot and interesting characters, it just didn't quite do it for me. I am in the minority on this one so read Retrieval for yourself and you might love it! I loved the scenes between Roman and Elisabeth and yes, they absolutely belong together! Their lives are intertwined with Walt and Clare. I adored Roman's sexy, uber-alpha ways. BUT there were too many inconsistencies in the story for me. The ending felt a bit rushed and I would have liked to have have spent more time with the main characters before the book ended.   (view spoiler)[ For example, during their separation, Roman sent Elisabeth huge company checks for several hundred thousand dollars. You can't just write a check like that without accounting for it on a balance sheet or an accrual. It's not like writing a personal check! And she never cashed them, which would also raise some accounting red flags. But, okay. (hide spoiler)]   The catchy plot will definitely please most readers and Roman and Elisabeth are something special. The book ends very abruptly and the second book with be about Clare and another character from Retrieval. Overall, this was a fast and mostly enjoyable book."
366	adjudicated	good	"6 stars!!   Magnificent and heart-stopping. This was my first reaction upon finishing Finding Eden, the continuation of Calder and Eden's story from Becoming Calder. Mia Sheridan has become one of my go-to favorite authors for creative story lines, heart-stopping emotion, and beautiful, glorious, sexy and REAL love scenes.   This will be a short review because both books should be read together and contain so many twists and turns, they are best read without knowing too much detail. Just know that the author answers all questions left open at the end of Becoming Calder, and delivers an incredibly satisfying conclusion for these two amazing characters.   Calder and Eden take an incredible journey and Ms. Sheridan lets you experience every heart-stopping second of it. Both books taken together are about staying strong, staying true to yourself even when everyone around you tells you something different, and overcoming incredible obstacles to find your one true love.   This isn't all hearts and flowers; there are some really steamy sex scenes along with some very brutal scenes of psychological and physical abuse. But the author really knows how to bring an epic love story to a wonderful conclusion and Finding Eden does all of that and more.   ""And we'll spend as much time as we need just escaping from the world. That's our plan because I swear to you, my beautiful, sweet love, everyone deserves a love story that doesn't hurt.""   In the end, Finding Eden is a story about forgiveness and learning to love yourself no matter what has happened to you in the past. Run, don't walk, to pick up a copy of both Becoming Calder and Finding Eden. Your life will be all the better for having read these books.   Favorite Quote (well, one of many!):   ""We have to figure out how to forgive, not for the people who wronged us, but for us. We can't keep bitterness attached to our hearts because eventually, it might become part of us--so deeply ingrained we can't work it back out. I think we have to focus on the beauty we've been given in this life, and make that the thing that defines us.""   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
68	adjudicated	good	"This book was a pure delight. The subtitle ""Adventures of a Curious Character"" is spot-on. Feynman gave an amazingly human and honest view into his philosophy and take on life, thought a series of stories.   One thing that struck me most deeply was his passion for learning new things. You would think a world-famous Physicist would just be passionate for Physics - but Feynman was curious about everything he saw. He dabbled in art and was successful enough to have a show, he joined a Brazilian Bongo group and competed with them, he hung out in Vegas until he grokked gambling, he spent time in strip bars in Arizona until he figured out how to pick up women, he cracked safes in Los Alamos for fun - the list goes on! My take: you should have your passions - but you should also have your hobbies. I think I need a new hobby :)   I really enjoyed his lessons learned from observing the Brazilian educational system. He noted that many of the students were simply memorizing words and formulas and had no understanding of the concepts they applied to. I think this is not a unique problem in education.   Another lesson learned from Feynman's studies of science is to never take any data for granted. Always always question the sources. Whenever Feynman did an experiment he would re-generate many of the numbers on his own - even if they had been published in other places. For many things we are (and not just in science) standing on the shoulders of giants. The easiest way to be led astray is if those results were never right to begin with.   I think Feynman was in his heart a true educator and scientist, with real integrity. And I think it drove him nuts how many important decisions are made using unscientific principles. This book was a light-hearted attempt to point that out - not to mention, a very entertaining read."
211	adjudicated	average	"You live   I love you   You breathe   I live   You dance   I breathe   I sing   You love me   A gorgeously written, passionate and lyrical story. My heart is singing!I fell in love with Rose and Damon and all of the supporting characters in this book. SHOWMANCE is set in the world of musical theatre in London and centers around a production of Moulin Rouge. Rose is an assistant choreographer and lives and breathes dancing. But she is content to leave the spotlight to others, having suffered from stage fright most of her life. Enter Damon Atwood, a reclusive superstar who stepped away from the public spotlight at the height of his fame after years spent in a quiet fishing town. Damon will bring star power to the production and is paired with the gorgeous actress Alicia, who plays his co-star in the show. Rose instantly feels tremendous empathy for Damon, who is almost painfully shy in public but comes alive when singing and acting on the stage.   ""You have no idea the kind of betrayal I've suffered in my life... This friendship I have with you is a big deal. I haven't let someone into my life like I have you in years.""   SHOWMANCE is a very slow-burn romance, filled with stolen moments and tons of steamy, Alpha heat. Rose has sown off dating actors after being burned in past relationships. But Damon sees the beautiful soul that she is and can't help but fall in love with her. Although Damon is closed-off and shy in public, when he is alone with Rose, OMG!!! Their scenes together are absolutely unforgettable.   In a heartbeat, every look we'd shared flashed through my mind, from that initial fleeting glance across the dance studio the first time I'd heard him sing, to this one. This one told me I owned his heart, his soul, his everything.   This story has all the elements that I love: a smart and strong heroine, a damaged, sensitive hero and a creative, interesting plot. I loved the behind-the-scenes look into theatre production and the FANTASTIC cast of supporting characters, especially Rose's best friend Julian. I am THRILLED that Julian is getting his own book!!! I can't wait to see what the author does with this character. I could go on and on about this book, it is that perfect. L.H. Cosway is a brilliant writer and I devoured this book. It has the perfect mix of sexy, steamy scenes and just the right amount of angst. Don't miss this one!!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
169	adjudicated	good	"It's about what's on the inside. Just like people. Don't you think? It's what's on the inside that really counts.   A Gift of Time is a gift to the readers of the Nine Minutes series. The story flows beautifully through many different time frames, and back and forth between many different points of view. But it all works perfectly and the author has a BIG surprise waiting for fans of this series!   I feel that A Gift of Time is, more than any other character's, Ginny's story. If you have read the first two books in the series (and you MUST before reading A Gift of Time), you know that Ginny has been through a lifetime of experiences and has had two great loves in her life. I have always loved both Grizz and Tommy, and I absolutely LOVED how the author resolves the famous Team Grizz/Team Grunt conflict here. This book is told in flashback so all the main characters make an appearance here, all leading toward a fascinating and satisfying conclusion.   ""There were just some secrets we had to keep hidden in our hearts to shield those we love.""   It is impossible to describe the plot of A Gift of Time without giving anything away. This series is a creative, thrilling, imaginative, beautiful and ultimately uplifting story that I won't soon forget. Grrizz, Grunt and Kit will live on forever! Bravo, Ms. Flynn, for a fantastic conclusion to a terrific series.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
494	adjudicated	average	"My first thoughts when I finished were, ""WTF did I just read?? Speechless. Amazing story!!"" I loved this book. It drew me in, kept me enthralled until the end, and made me fall in love with Twitch. I cared about the characters and loved the supporting cast as well. The author is incredibly inventive and I found the plot to be very exciting and the sex thrilling. Did I mention that I absolutely love Twitch? I would love more, more, more about Twitch and Lexi but I understand the next book might be about Julius. This book will definitely be on my top books for 2014. A must-read.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
376	adjudicated	average	WHOA!! What a ride! Fantastic story. To say it is unexpected is an understatement. Stayed up all night to finish. READ THIS BOOK!   These were my first thoughts upon finishing this book, an ARC of which was graciously provided by the author. Why was I on her ARC list? No clue. But I thank her from the bottom of my heart. This is an original story, with well-written, fully-developed characters, and clever twists and turns which forged a connection between the book and myself. Am I gushing? Yes. Because there are SO many books today that have cookie-cutter plots with cliche characters, I find it incredibly refreshing to come across a story like Black Lies.   There is no plot or character discussion here. Read the synopsis. That's all you need. Was this a 100% perfect story? No. But it is absolutely one of the best books I have read this year and I applaud Ms. Torre for her story.   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
401	adjudicated	average	Add this to your summer reading list! Liam Wilder is my new obsession! Scoring Wilder is the perfect summer read - sexy, funny, swoon-y and fast-paced. I fell in love with Liam (and Kinsley a little bit) from the beginning, and Liam didn't let go of my heart for the entire book! This story is the perfect combination of a smart, strong, witty heroine, a sexy, good-hearted bad boy, and a yummy story that is head and shoulders above most books in the genre.   Even if you are not a fan of New Adult books, you will LOVE Scoring Wilder! Liam Wilder is a famous professional soccer player with a bad-boy reputation. Of course, much of it is due to the ever-present media and some undeserved bad press. Kinsley is a smart, driven, talented and FUNNY rising soccer star who immediately falls in lust with her new soccer coach. They are acutely aware that they are forbidden to be together, and Kinsley has some very, very funny moments when she is struggling to fight her growing attraction to her soccer coach.   Oh - and Kinsley's previous relationships ended VERY badly so she doesn't trust anyone, let alone a tattoo-covered, world-famous soccer star. But Liam turns out to be a total sweetheart, romantic, honest, open and giving. But will Kinsley come to her senses in time?   Scoring Wilder has plenty of steam, hilarious, laugh-out-loud moments, plus a gorgeous soccer-playing hero. What's not to love? If you are looking for a perfect summer read, Scoring Wilder is for you!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
273	adjudicated	good	"3.5 Stars!!   Lauren Dane writes an super-sexy story, with a couple who have some piercings in very, um, key places!   Ms. Dane has written some of my favorite and sexiest contemporary romance novels (The Brown Family series is a favorite and highly recommended - they are totally addictive.) Opening Up is the first in her new Ink and Chrome series. The plot is light, steamy, funny, fast-paced and pretty much angst-free.   I couldn't wait to dive into this book and I read it one sitting. PJ is a young, strong-willed woman who breaks free from her overbearing family and ventures out on her own in the world off body shop painting. She meets Asa, who is older, totally domineering and sex-on-a-stick. He accepts her for who she is and their sex is, to put it mildly, off the charts. Think multiple piercings, sexy tattoos and passionate car sex!   ""You're defiling her in your head right now, aren't you?""   Hell yes.   There is nothing too dramatic or earth shattering in this book. I loved the chemistry between PJ and Asa and you will need a fan for their scenes together. OPENING UP is the perfect summertime read to take to the pool or beach, and the secondary characters are just as enjoyable! (I cannot wait for Duke, Asa's friend, to get his story in FALLING UNDER, coming out in August. Hello! Can you say huge, tattooed and sexy?) All in all, OPENING UP is a passionate, funny, dirty and light summer read with a HEA. Enjoy!   ""Wait. I want to see you put the condom on over the piercing. I should know this. For future reference.""   I received an ARC of this book from the publisher via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review."
110	adjudicated	good	"4.5 - 5 GORGEOUS STARS   ""No rules. Live out loud. Find the sunshine.""   Simply stunning!! Emma Scott writes THE most lyrical and gorgeous fiction. Nik and Fiona have a permanent place in my heart!   Called a contemporary romance ""with paranormal elements,"" I found this book to be incredibly moving and very, very touching. I would not exactly characterize the story as paranormal but more the tale of a deeply empathetic man who is simply searching for love and acceptance. And please don't be put off by this being the second book in a series. I have not read the first book and I absolutely fell in love with these characters and the plot. This book is a total standalone!   Nik and Fiona are both lost and simply wishing for a better life. For Nik, he only wants to silence the cacophony of sounds and colors he sees and for Fiona, it is the hope of a new life in Costa Rica. And when they meet, it is pure magic.   ""But it wasn't what was wrong with me, anymore. It was what was right. The girl exuded a calm that danced along my skin, and when I inhaled, it was like breathing in the scent of something delicious but far away. The thrumming life all around me grew quiet. For the first time, I felt close to peace, and I wanted more.""   What begins as a one-night stand with zero expectations for the future turns into a burning hot love and a deep, unbreakable connection. Emma Scott's love scenes are beautiful and SEXY and a joy to read!   ""Nikolai Alexei,"" she whispered and cupped my cheeks to look at me in the dimness. ""Who are you?""   There are very important messages in this book as well as some very gritty and heartbreaking scenes. But ultimately the message is one of hope and acceptance and unconditional love. Once again, I won't soon forget the characters created by Emma Scott. A must-read!   ""Love and hope,"" she said. ""That's life to me.""   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
249	adjudicated	excellent	"4.5 - 5 Heart-Stopping Stars   This book is why I read contemporary romance. The swoony hero, the beautiful, sweet heroine who is hiding a tragic secret, the explosive passion, but most of all, the deep and emotional connection I felt for Adam and Evie all added up to a perfect page-turner that kept me up all night.   Adam!! My heart broke for him and for the love he lost with Evie. Adam and Evie (LOVE the names!) fell in love when they were just teenagers. Adam did not trust many people so when Evie suddenly disappeared, he became even more bitter than he was before. He spends years searching for her and when he finally finds her, his feelings are a mix of rage and heartbreak over their lost years. Evie refuses to tell him why she disappeared suddenly all those years before, so their reunion is bittersweet, filled with longing and regret, but also undeniable and explosive passion.   WHEN I WAS YOURS is told through a series of flashbacks which put me through every single emotion possible. The story, set against the backdrop off Hollywood and the mega-rich, is more than just a classic rich boy meets poor girl love story. It's sexy, heartfelt, and heartbreaking all at once. The unexpected twist had my heart in my throat and had me silently cheering for our MC's to get their happily ever after.   ""You cut your hair.""   ""It has been ten years.""   ""I know. I just...I remember a time when you said you'd never cut your hair."" A small smile touches my lips at the memory.   ""Yeah, and I remember when you promised to love me till death do us part. Shit changes.""   My smile drops from my face. My cheeks sting like he's just slapped me.   I deserved that. Doesn't stop it from hurting like a bitch though.   Samantha Towle is one of my favorite writers and she absolutely delivered the goods with this story. The characters and their sweet, sexy and passionate love story won't soon be forgotten. Ever since I saw this stunning cover, I knew I just had to read this book! I absolutely adored Adam and Evie's story! Don't miss it.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
146	adjudicated	average	"What a perfect ending to a fantastic series! 'Beautiful' is a delicious, dizzying, sexy, funny and poignant story. 'Beautiful Bastard' was one of my earliest fanfic favorites and while I am sad that this series is ending, I thoroughly enjoyed this yummy story.   This is a light-hearted, upbeat and sexy book that delivers on all fronts. As with the earlier books, all of the characters are inter-connected. Jensen is Hanna's bother and Pippa is Ruby's friend. They meet in the most adorable way on an international flight but of course neither one knows the who the other is. They meet up again and of course, sparks fly. These two could not be more opposite: Pippa is breaking free from her old life and is living ""in the moment"" for the first time in her life, and Jensen is a complete workaholic. But opposites attract, right? So while on a road trip, Pippa and Jensen start a wild fling.   ""Your hair like this makes your eyes bluer,"" he continued, and my mind hit the brakes. ""Makes your lips pinker. Makes you look too perfect to be real.""   This is a fast-paced and endearing romantic comedy with an absolutely perfect Epilogue. I loved seeing the whole gang reunited again and enjoyed every minute of this book. Jensen and Pippa were fabulous together and the ending was exactly what I hoped for!   'It's too bad I'm too eccentric for you. It's too bad you're too busy for me. It's too bad I'm only learning my heart and you have yours rolled in bubble wrap.'   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
93	adjudicated	average	"The First Taste features Andrew, a single dad from Slip of the Tongue, one of my favorite books. His story is a standalone, and does NOT feature any forbidden romance. Andrew is the complete opposite of Amelia, the boss of his sister and a total Type-A workaholic. She has been burned by a painful split from her husband and is going through a very difficult divorce. Amelia and Andrew make is clear from the start they are both only looking for a one-night stand, with no strings attached. Andrew does not suffer from lack of women, that's for sure - he's totally hot, has his own business and has an adorable daughter named Bell, who is raising on his own.   They are both completely honest with each other from the start but begin to develop a deeper connection. Their emotional relationship develops slowly, even though they both are wary of getting close. Amelia is stunning, smart and self-sufficient, Never in a million years does she think she could ever fall for a man like Andrew! And Andrew's daughter comes first, even while it becomes obvious his daughter would love for him to fall in love. I loved that Andrew was the one who actually starts to realize that he is falling in love with Amelia and wants more from her.   Somewhere along the way, she became worth it to me. The threat of pain that comes with keeping her in my life--it's not enough to scare me away. In fact, it's the threat of competition that stokes a fire in me. It makes me want to put up a fight.   The First Taste is a classic opposites-attract story, filled with real emotion and characters that have depth and honesty. Jessica Hawkins is great at writing uber-sexy men and Andrew is not only gorgeous and tatted, he is a VERY giving lover. The sexy times in The First Taste are without a doubt some of the steamiest around.   ""I want to undress you, stretch you out on my bed, fingers to toes. Your hair splayed on my pillow and I want to take you over and over until you can't handle it another second.""   I love stories with single dads and while this story did not pack as much of an emotional punch as Slip of the Tongue, I still loved the story and the way Amelia and Andrew's relationship grew and developed. This is a fast and sexy read from an incredibly talented writer and I can't wait to read what's next!!   ""Have I ever mentioned how it feels when I'm the reason for your smile? Like a million bucks.""   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review."
153	adjudicated	average	3.5 Stars   I LOVED the premise of this book: a female motorcycle racer named Kenzie who races professionally. Her father was a legendary racer, and Kenzie is trying to carry on the family name. The racing scenes are fascinating and the story is very fast-paced. The author gives us an intimate, behind-the-scenes look into the highly competitive world of motorcycle racing.   Racing is literally in Kenzie's blood. She is under tremendous pressure to succeed and her father is not her biggest fan. Hayden races for a competitor and he is strictly off-limits to Kenzie. She is downright mean to him at first, and they have a love-hate thing going on that was very intense. Kenzie has a lot of preconceived notions about Hayden which, of course, turn out to be completely wrong. Hayden is sex--on-wheels and he and Kenzie begin a Romeo-and-Juliet romance that must be kept hidden from everyone.   Hayden is also an incredibly talented racer and Kenzie realizes she can learn a lot from him. They both actually race better when they are competing against each other. I absolutely love that the author created a female racer who is smart, strong and competitive in a traditionally male sport. Hayden is a DREAM and their scenes together are beautiful, sexxxxy and very believable. Overall, I really liked this book; it is a nice beach or poolside read and although some readers are not happy with the ending, I loved it!! There will definitely be more books to come in this series, and the next one sounds like it will be verrrry interesting!!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
368	adjudicated	good	"I loved this book!! Pure enjoyment!! Love the humor, sexiness and behind-the-scenes look into the pop music business.   Brooklyn and Jason are forced to write and record a song together, but there's one tiny roadblock in their way - he can't stand her and she feels the same way about him! Jason is a broody, folksy musician whereas Brooklyn is a ""pop princess"". But she actually writes all of her own songs and is really a very warm, smart, funny, sarcastic woman who is lonely and wants to really experience love, not just write about it. Jason only sees the stereotype and is very judgmental toward her at first.   The Duet is very funny, witty, sexy and just plain un-put-downable. The author makes tons of pop culture references and give the reader lots of sneak peeks inside the business of producing popular music. The banter between Jason and Brooklyn is absolutely priceless and the story never sinks into sentimentality but instead stays fresh, modern and very, very witty.   Jason and Brooklyn begin a no-strings-attached sexual relationship which of course turns into much more for Brooklyn. I absolutely loved the sexy times between these two and I loved watching Jason's douche-y, ""asshole-ian"" (no, not a word!) facade slowly change. But he is hiding a whopper of a secret and I was sitting on the edge of my seat to see how this would play out.   The Duet is for sure a romantic comedy but it is much more. It is about accepting who you are, being true to yourself, always being honest and the importance of keeping your heart open to love. I love R.S. Grey and am totally excited to see that Brooklyn's sister Cammie, a brilliant architecture student, will be getting her own story with Grayson, one of Brooklyn's best friends! Bring it on!!"
468	adjudicated	good	"I'll admit it. Even though I am addicted to reading, sometimes I get a little jaded...And then a book like Tangled comes along, and BAM! Just like that, I'm addicted to reading again. Seriously, a book that cites Braveheart, the Borg, an NYU sex study and frogs? I'm in.   Tangled is one of the most original books I have ever read. Told from the main male character Drew's POV, the very talented author gives the reader a peek into how guys really feel and think:   ""Every healthy man in the world wakes up with a stiffy. A fatty. Morning wood. I'm sure there's some medical explanation for the phenomenon, but I just like to think of it as a little present from God.""   Drew is insanely attractive, smart, hard-working and very wealthy. Sounds cliche, right? In the hands of this talented author, Drew is one of the most memorable and original characters I have ever encountered! I love Drew's inner monologues. They are both hysterically funny and very, very touching. He's a self-confessed womanizer who meets his match in the very smart and gorgeous Kate Brooks. He falls hard for Kate and all his old rules about women and dating fly out the window.   ""Women fall in love quicker than men. Easier and more often. But when guys fall? We go down harder. And when things go bad? When it's not us who ends it? We don't get to walk away.   We crawl. ""   The author has described the genre of Tangled as ""Comedic Erotica"" and ""Funny Smut."" Both phrases describe this book to a tee. It is both hilarious and very, very intense. I started reading this book past midnight and did not want to put it down. Seriously, it's that addictive. Don't waste time reading this review. Start reading Tangled. You will absolutely fall in love with Drew!   ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review."
84	adjudicated	average	"You're the queen. I'm just a commoner.   GAH!!! MY HEART!!! This book was everything. One of the best-second chance romances I've ever read.   Kennedy and Johnny fell in love when they were just in high school. Johnny was a naturally-gifted actor and left his family behind to follow his dreams of becoming an actor. Kennedy ran away with him to Hollywood when she was just 17, giving up her dreams to follow his. Real life brutally intruded, and Kennedy left Johnny after he got his first big break. He quickly got lost in the throes of addiction and the Hollywood party scene. Broken-hearted and pregnant, Kennedy returned home to begin a new life without Johnny.   You don't know this, but that girl? She doesn't need a house. She doesn't even need an apartment. She would've slept in the car. She wouldn't have complained at all about it. You didn't have to sell it, but you did, and as grateful as she is for that, she already feels guilty. She's worried, and she's scared, that this won't be a story of triumph. Because she believes in you. She wouldn't be there if she didn't. But the world isn't always kind to good people. Sometimes it eats them alive.""   Johnny grew up wealthy but in a very abusive household. Acting was his escape. He had no choice but to get away from his family in any way he could. But he never really left his demons behind and now that he is a world-famous superstar, he wants to make amends with Kennedy and with Madison, the daughter he never knew.   ""I don't deserve her time, not in the least, but I'm so desperate for some part of this woman back that I'll steal every second that I can get.""   Kennedy gave up everything for Madison, a gorgeous, smart and funny little girl. Kennedy works at a dead-end job, struggling to make ends meet. She is still in love with Johnny but has been hurt by him many times over the years. I was SO emotional while reading this book! It had everything I love about a second chance romance. The writing is clever and creative and completely engaging. I fell in love with Johnny and with little Madison! The book is heartbreaking, sexy, funny, heartfelt and completely uplifting.   ""Whatever did it, I'm glad you're sober, and I hope you stay that way. For Maddie's sake, yeah, because she deserves to know her dad, but for your sake, too. I know I was never enough for you, Jonathan, but I hope you find something that is.""   This story is perfectly balanced between both the hero and heroine's point of view. I adored the story of how Kennedy and Johnny first met and fell deeply in love. There are lots of steamy scenes as well as just the right amount of humor to balance out the very emotional story. This story gripped me from the first page and had me glued to the pages until the very end. I also loved how Kennedy was loyal and strong and smart and self-sufficient. She did not need the Porsches or the red carpets or the mansions. She only wanted Johnny to be able to follow his dreams.   ""Wherever it takes you, I'll be there.   'Ghosted' is another must-read book from JM Darhower. One of my favorite books of the year.   ""Thank you, K.""   ""What are you thanking me for?""   ""Giving me a second chance,"" he says. ""And a third, and a forth, and a fifth...""   ""And a twentieth."" He laughs lightly. ""And a twentieth.""   ""There won't be a twenty-first,"" I tell him. ""I have to draw the line somewhere."""
246	adjudicated	good	"4.5 Passionate Stars!!   MAJOR heartache. MAJOR passion. And a strong heroine with a painful past! I'm obsessed with Scarlett and Dante!!   ""Love is War"" is a great description of this second chance, lovers-to-enemies story. BREAKING HIM was nothing that I expected. I need the second book yesterday! I must know more about Scarlett and Dante!!   This story has very much of a Tristan-and-Danika feel to it. The chemistry between Scarlett and Dante is almost so real, you can feel it leap off the pages. Why is Scarlett so ANGRY about everything? At first, her prickly attitude kept me at a distance, but once I learned more about her character and her background, I absolutely fell in love with her and was rooting for her. And Dante, well he seems like the perfect guy at first and I just know that he will end up doing the right thing. He and Scarlett MUST be together! They are meant for each other!! Do you hear me, Author Lady?!   The secondary characters are all fantastic, and are an integral part of the story. Ms. Lilley does a great job of describing the social hierarchy of small town life and how stifling it can be for those who do not ""fit in"". I literally read this book in one sitting and cannot wait for the continuation of Scarlett and Dante's story. Ms. Lilley has once again created an absolutely unforgettable couple whose passion and chemistry burned through every page.   Favorite quote:   ""I have tormented some sweet men. Broken hearts and shattered dreams.   Men are punching bags, and I have a hell of a right hook.""   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
166	adjudicated	good	4 - 4.5 STARS!   Thrilling, sexy, second-chance contemporary sports romance with a twist. Somehow it all works in this perfect summer read!   And they would fight to their end for me. This team was my family, my soul. And I think that was what made everything that happened so damn complicated.   Tyler has grown up traveling with a baseball team her whole life. Baseball IS her life. She has been home-schooled, innocent, yet stunning and complete unaware of her effect on men. Then baseball's bad boy Chase Stern enters her life. A larger-than-life character, Alessandra Torre could have made him a cliche, but he is deeply sensitive, devoted to the game, and ready to give up his fast-living ways for Ty.   Chase Stern. The best bat to hit our game since Barry Bonds. A shortstop who made Ripken look like a rookie. A body built for baseball, a face that made GQ editors swoon, and enough swagger to fill Dodger stands with females.   Of course, Ty is forbidden to go near him, she is only 17 at the time and he plays for the team her father works for. But they fall deeply in love with each other, through stolen nights on the baseball field and living life on the road. She knows that he is completely off-limits, but these two share a deep bond that goes beyond the game of baseball.   But it wasn't his looks that had sucked me in. It was his play. His effortless grip of a game that we all struggled with. His swing, his throw, the dip of his body when he scooped up a ball, the stretch of his six-foot body when he leapt in the air ... it was my porn.   But then...the emotional one-two punch from the author hits and these two are suddenly, irrevocably separated . My heart broke for them!! Flash-forward several years and these two, now adults with their own lives, meet again. I absolutely LOVE second-chance romances, and MOONSHOT has everything I love about this trope.   First loves were supposed to be flimsy and temperamental. They were supposed to burn bright and fade fast. They weren't supposed to stick. They weren't supposed to eat away at a man's heart, his capacity for life.   Interwoven with this forbidden love story is a thriller aspect which slowly builds toward a terrifying conclusion. Ms. Torre is one of the few authors I know who can perfectly pull off such a clever post twist!! I was totally blindsided by this turn of events and it blended in perfectly with the story. It must be said that the author knows a LOT about the game of baseball and I loved reading about this part of the story, she has fabulous insight in to the game and I almost felt like I was in the stands ready for the players to take the field. MOONSHOT has everything I love about contemporary romance: deeply-felt characters; the sweetness of first love; very adult, steamy love scenes; and the bittersweet pain of second-chance romance. Please keep in mind that there is cheating in this book: this aspect of a story NEVER bothers me or affects my enjoyment of a novel but it is here in MOONSHOT plain and simple. Does it resolve itself? Absolutely.   Alessandra Torre is an automatic one-click for me andI loved this story!! Happy reading!   Favorite quote:   Certain loves can't be fought. The harder you tried, the harder you would be knocked back, over and over again, until it beat you into submission, until your heart caved and body surrendered. Love like that didn't know the rules of society; it didn't care about life mistakes. It only knew what must be, and what would happen--no matter what.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
164	adjudicated	average	"4- 4.5 Stars!   L.H. Cosway has such a beautiful way with words that is almost impossible NOT to fall in love with her characters! This series is highly rated but I haven't read the other books. This one is a complete standalone. Stu Cross stole my heart!   L.H. Cosway has such a beautiful way with words that is almost impossible NOT to fall in love with her characters! This series is highly rated but I haven't read the other books. This one is a complete standalone. Stu Cross stole my heart!   This is a slow build romance and I absolutely loved the incredibly witty and sexy banter between the characters. Conway's writing is always a winner for me. This book has tons of heart, heat and sexy times! The chemistry between the characters was real and the contrast between Stu's toughness and Andie's sweetness was perfect. I read this book in one sitting and 'Thief of Hearts' is one more reason why L.H. Cosway is an auto-buy author for me. Her writing flows perfectly and the characters are always memorable. The story was fast-paced and very inventive. You will love this book!!   ""Just be my soft place to fall. I need you.""   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)"
200	adjudicated	good	"This book was THE definition of slow-burn romance and it was fantastic! A long read but well worth it. Mariana Zapata creates incredibly REAL characters with real fears, disapppintments and dreams. Everything you've heard about this author is true. She takes her sweet time to build a connection between her MC's so that when they get to their HEA, it feels RIGHT.   ""I would have done just about anything for you back then, even when you got on my nerves. I might have just waited until the last minute to push you out of oncoming traffic, but I'd still push you out of the way.""   That's what I'm talking about! This book is on many readers' top favorite books for good reason. Colorful characters, well-written dialogue and sweet, sweet romance. Highly recommend!!   ""Ovaries. Where were my ovaries?"""
229	adjudicated	good	>4.5 Sweet & Steamy Stars!!   Cardeno C. is one of my favorite authors. Her books always contain a perfect mix of spicy and sweet, and the heat level is always just perfect for me. Her stories are always interesting, sometimes poignant, but never fail to contain a ton of heart so I absolutely love reading them. This book is the first in a series but can be read as a standalone. Asher is a dominant cop but this story just touches on BDSM themes, nothing too heavy here. Asher meets a younger man while in Las Vegas for a bachelor party. Daniel is the COMPLETE opposite of Asher! He's a free spirit, but he too is very attracted to Asher.   Asher's protective tendencies come to the forefront with Daniel but the problem is Daniel is looking for a relationship, and Asher, not so much. I loved seeing how the relationship between these two changed and grew. AS with all Cardeno C. books, the characters are EVERYTHING and Daniel and Asher do not disappoint. Just look at this gorgeous cover for a hint of the steam level of this story, it is a perfect mix of total hotness and sentimental sweetness. Some readers complained about the stalker-ish tendencies of Asher but I didn't get that at all. He is just a big bear of a man trying to find his way to true love (awwwwww!!).   Something in the Way He Needs is another perfectly sexy romance from Cardeno C. with just the right touch of emotion and steam! I loved it. If you are looking for an author to read with wonderfully satisfying characters and storylines, then grab this book! You'll love it, too.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
75	adjudicated	average	I'm a huge james bond fan. Always have been. I read a bunch of the books back in high school, but missed this one. I love the books as much as the movies. Fleming brings the character to life in a very different way from the movies - more human, more vulnerable. Plus the its always interesting to see the differences between the plot of the movie and the book. In this one for instance, there was no space station, no Jaws, no plot to populate the planet with a super-race. But there was the millionaire Drax with an evil plan - you can count on that :)
479	adjudicated	average	4 1/2 stars! A very grown-up sequel to the first book in this series, Disclosure of the Heart is a wonderful story about second-chance love. Nicki works in the White House, traveling with the President and in a seemingly passionate relationship with Juan Carlos. Along comes Adam, now a BBC reporter who now has a long-term girlfriend. Nicki can't forget her first love Adam but a relationship between them now would violate lots of rules, both personal and professional. There is lots of back-and-forth between Adam and Nicki and although at times, I wanted their relationship to speed up a bit, it was actually very realistic. I was pleasantly surprised at the steam factor in this book! I loved it! Mary Whitney obviously did her research here on the politics of working in the White House. This is a very smart, sexy, adult book, and is a great conclusion to Adam and Nicki's story!   (An ARC was provided by the author in exchange for an honest review)
359	adjudicated	poor	3.5 - 4 stars!! Review to follow for blog tour.
251	adjudicated	poor	Very rough, action-packed, and super-sexy! Review to follow.
120	adjudicated	average	"Some of the best times in life come from bad ideas.   Sometimes you need a good old-fashioned romance to lose yourself in and Egomaniac is just the book! Vi Keeland once again shows her talent for writing a funny, sexy, tender-hearted romance that is creative, engaging and sweet.   I enjoyed every minute of this book. Emerie and Drew ""meet cute"" and I was drawn in from the very beginning. What separates Vi Keeland's romances from the rest of the books out there is the heated chemistry between her characters and their wonderful banter. Emerie is new in town and winds up renting space from Drew, an aggressive divorce attorney. He is a commitment-phobe, for very good reason. I loved the way the author slowly revealed his history and I absolutely adored his POV!! This book is literally laugh-out-loud funny.   ""And I suppose all of your women are fast asleep after you take care of them.""   ""Damn straight. I'm like a superhero. The Prolactinator.""   Egomaniac is a super-sexy, very fast-paced read that has lots of warmth and heart. It is witty and smart and very addicting. I loved all of the secondary characters and I hope that at least one of them is getting their own story soon! I really enjoyed this book and look forward to reading many more stories from this very talented author.   ""Maybe, just maybe, neither one of us had found the right one before now...because we hadn't met each other yet.""   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)"
311	adjudicated	average	3.5 - 4 Stars   Reviewed by Cathy:   Pucked is a witty story about Violet, who has a super funny and very inappropriate mother and a whore of a stepbrother who plays for the the NHL. So she has stayed away from hockey players until she meets Alex, the captain of the Rangers. All that goes out the widow. The writing is funny and light and the sex is great. There is no angst or heavy themes in this book. It is raunchy, funny and filled with tons of sexy times. If you're a fan of sports romance, you'll love this book - Pucked is the perfect, fast-paced summer read!   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
300	adjudicated	average	I don't think there's been a book by Cardeno C. that I have not loved. Home Again is another sexy and sweet story where family is first, the characters get their HEA, and the sex is SMOKING hot. This book is told is a series of flashbacks which alternate with present day, focusing on Noah and Clark, who first meet when they are teenagers. I love how this author spotlights the importance of friends who accept you, but also being true to yourself. There is some angst in this book but you just know the main characters will work everything out. The story is clever and the alternating POV's are refreshing. Oh and of course, the chemistry between Noah and Clark is off-the-charts hot and the sex scenes are absolutely amazing. Loved the twist at the end! This is a standalone although it is part of a series. If you are looking for sexy-sweet M/M romance, then Cardeno C. is your go-to author and you will love Home Again.   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)
256	adjudicated	good	"THREE LITTLE MISTAKES is an absolutely perfect erotic romance. It is pure escapism, pure lust and just plain hot. Have a cold shower ready, ladies, you will need one after reading this one.   Although this is the third book in a series, it is a complete standalone. The author does an amazing job of giving just the right amount of background on the Blindfold Club and on the characters in this book. The story is fantastic and the sex scenes...well, they are absolutely scorching. There is a threesome (almost a foursome, kind of a two + two-some) that rivals anything I've ever read. And I do love a good menage scene or three!   Em is the classic ""good girl"": she's smart, follows the rules but is wealthy in her own right. Joseph is the owner of the ""Blindfold Club"", an elite place where the woman have sex with their clients while blindfolded. High-end prostitutes but Em doesn't know this side of Joseph's business. She just thinks he is a wealthy club owner who has a very, very kinky side, and she wants to be very, very bad.   ""Being wrong and bad was just as I'd hoped it would be. It was so, so good.""   Joseph is a Dom and is several years older than Em. He is insanely attracted to her innocence and youth and they begin an affair where he will teach her how to be a submissive. Em is completely different from the other women Joseph has been with and he quickly becomes addicted to her, despite there being a million reasons why they shouldn't be together.   Now this might seem like a tired old trope, wealthy, older, worldly guy pursues a young, inexperienced girl, but this book is SO much more!! I was addicted from the the first page. This book has humor, witty dialogue, a great story and THE most amazing, prolonged sex scenes EVER.   Of course things grow complicated and there are many secrets between these two. Em might be a threat to Joseph's business, so will he be willing to give that up? They both push each other's boundaries and the conclusion was perfect. This book is a very explicit, very adult story that kept me riveted from beginning to end. It is a page-turner all the way! I loved it and can't wait to read the other books in this series!   Favorite Quote:   ""Do I need to give you and my tattoo a moment alone?"" She grinned. ""Could you? That's be great.""   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
355	adjudicated	good	4.5 stars!!   Looking for a different kind of story, but one with scorching hot sex scenes and a strong heroine? Read Uncivilized now! I was completely unprepared to fall in love with Zach but I did and I miss him already. There are some books that merely recite one sex scene after another, with no emotional connection between the characters and writing that fails to connect the reader with the characters. Well, not Uncivilized. Ms. Bennett has written a sensitive, interesting, very different story with absolutely memorable characters that will stay with me for a long time.   Zach at first comes across as a somewhat cold, savage man who will never become acclimated to the modern world. But is that such a bad thing? As the story progresses, Moira becomes more willing to bend towards Zach's way of life and his belief system. And this man is HOT HOT HOT. The book's sex scenes are absolutely among the most gorgeous, lush and loving scenes I have ever read.   This book could have been a cliche but it's most definitely not. I loved the world created by Ms. Bennett and I highly recommend Uncivilized. Enjoy! And have a freezer nearby!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for a honest review.)
400	adjudicated	average	I really liked this book, it is funny, dirty, and is the kind of book that you can't look away from. The author's warning caught my attention, there is a TON of swearing in this book but it is also really funny and not at all what I expected.   This is not your typical high school drama, Bronagh and Dominic fight like cats and dogs which is kind of like their foreplay. She is also feisty, likable, curses all the time, and has some body issues. I loved her! The relationship between the two main characters is unpredictable and fresh. I also absolutely loved all the Slater Brothers and look forward to reading more about their exploits.   This book is written in Irish dialect which the author explains right out of the box. I enjoyed it but it might be a little much for some readers to digest. This book is also hilarious and contains more F words than I think any book I have ever read. Dominic has some very endearing characters and totally hot sex scenes. I guarantee this book is different from any book you have read so far this year! Give it a try if you love strong heroines and gorgeous, Alpha fighters. There is also a ton of action, making this a fast-paced, sexy and funny read. I'm looking forward to reading more from Ms. Casey!   *ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review*
226	adjudicated	excellent	Slip of the Tongue is absolutely enthralling. Jessica Hawkins continues to be one of the most underrated contemporary romance authors today. I ADORED this book!!!   I am personally a fan of love triangles in books - I know, a little strange, but I love the emotion, the forbidden-love aspect and and the thrill of it all. So if you are not a fan, then this book is probably not for you. Sadie has been married to an amazing man who has suddenly and inexplicably shut down. Nathan has stopped communicating with Sadie, seems to not want her anymore, and pretty much just shuts her out. She tries to get through to him, to no avail. Enter sexy neighbor Finn, who is smart, sweet, and makes his intentions very clear from the start.   I have LOVED this author's writing ever since I read her Cityscape series (which I highly recommend.) Ms. Hawkins made me FEEL Sadie's insecurities, her inner battles and her fear of losing her husband and I felt like I was on an emotional roller coaster from the first page of this book. This is a very adult and very passionate book where not all is black-and-white. Yes, Nathan seems perfect and yes, Sadie makes some mistakes, but she is human and I found the story to be very believable. I loved Finn and could see why Sadie was so conflicted. She love her husband but feels like her marriage is over. All of the characters in this book are incredibly well written and I connected with them from the start.   Finn and Sadie have explosive chemistry AND so do Sadie and Nathan! The sex scenes are absolutely incredible. I loved everything about this book and loved the conclusion. Kudos to Jessica Hawkins for another incredibly sexy and addictive story.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
354	adjudicated	good	5 perfect stars!!!   Well. Where do I begin? Bad Romeo is one of my favorite books of the year. It is the perfect blend of coming-of-age, intense longing, heartache, friendship and first love. The story is told in a mix of present-day and flashbacks which can be confusing but work perfectly here. Ethan Holt is the classic bad-boy, who smashed Cassie Taylor's heart when they were drama students. Flash-forward to present day, when they are both cast as the leads in a Broadway play. Told from Cassie's point of view, the book follows their completely tortured, angst-filled relationship. But don't be scared away: this book is raunchy, laugh-out-loud funny and will keep you turning the pages to see what will happen next.   Can Cassie work with Ethan again after what he did to her in the past? She can't seem to stay away from him and Leisa Rayven gives a wonderful, slow-build story that kept me reading until the wee hours of the night. I was fascinated by the behind-the-scenes look at the theatre world and the sometimes-painful description of the acting process. And even though this is a New Adult novel, it is incredibly sexy and steamy and filled with just the right blend of longing and sexual release. And Cassie, what a fantastic heroine! She's smart, tough-on-the-outside but very vulnerable, and funny as hell. I fell in love with Ethan Holt and even though he was portrayed as a jerk, felt sympathetic towards him because of his tortured past. I can't say enough about this book!!   After I finished this book, I was fascinated to read that it originally began as fan fiction. How did I not know this? I am now officially addicted to this series and this author. I highlighted practically the entire book. The ending was perfection and I am literally counting the days until the next book, Broken Juliet!!   (*ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
235	adjudicated	poor	Contains major spoilers so only read this after you have completed the Indebted Series!! The Epilogue is filled with TONS of goodies and yummy scenes. Very creative ending to one of my favorites series. Enjoy!
383	adjudicated	average	"Wow! Break the Sky is a brilliant, rich and SCORCHING hot storm of a story that will make new fans of Nina Lane. Kelsey and Archer were seen in the earlier Spiral of Bliss books but you do NOT have to read those books first (although they are fantastic and I highly recommend reading them NOW!!) One of my favorite couples, Dean and Liv, make an appearance here but the center of this amazing book is the stormy relationship between Kelsey and Archer.   ""I swallowed to ease the dryness in my throat.   'Do you always let fate decisions for you?'   'Fate makes better decisions than I do.' ""   Archer has always been a screw-up, an angry (and rightfully so), rootless man, drifting from job to job and never able to commit to much. He rides into the town of Mirror Lake already a changed man but his brother Dean only sees the old Archer, the addict and the womanizer. Enter Kelsey, the tightly-wound meteorology professor who needs to let go a little, and who knows that Archer is everything she should avoid.   ""He could push me to my limits and protect me the entire time.""   Kelsey and Archer immediately strike a ""deal"", agreeing to a temporary relationship while he is visiting with Dean and Liv. Suffice it to say, they both get more than they bargained for and both learn to see behind the other's facade and get to what's real and honest. All of this plays out against the almost-fairytale-like setting of Mirror Lake, which adds a very special magic to this incredibly sexy and adult story.   I must say that I absolutely love how Nina Lane can write about the world of college academics on the one hand and then turn around give us one of the dirtiest-talking characters EVER! (Phone sex, hello!) Archer is all man, commanding, bossy and completely honest with Kelsey. I found their relationship to be completely real and perfectly developed. I also loved the way Archer and Dean's relationship grew throughout this story, and the way Archer really matured and came to terms with his past.   BREAK THE SKY is tender, sexy, funny and incredibly satisfying. Another must-read from Ms. Nina Lane!   *ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review*"
275	adjudicated	good	"PRIEST is a wonderfully dirty, very adult and immensely readable book from Sierra Simone. EVERYTHING about this story worked for me, from the mostly male POV, to the smoking hot sex scenes and the very sympathetic characters.   No surprises in the storyline: Father Tyler Bell is tempted by the smart and beautiful Poppy Danforth and they begin a torrid affair that sorely tests his faith and his commitment to the priesthood. I immediately connected with both of these characters and sympathized with Tyler's deep yearning and longing for Poppy:   ""I was supposed to be a shepherd of the flock, not the wolf.   Not the wolf who had woken up this morning grinding his hips into the mattress because he'd had a very intense dream with Poppy and her carnal sins in a starring role. Guilt wormed through me at the memory.""   Poor Father Bell! Everything he worked so hard for was in jeopardy. I absolutely loved his internal dialogue and the backstory that led him to join the priesthood. If anyone was ever NOT cut out to take a vow of celibacy, it was certainly Tyler Bell, but he really loves his parish and congregants. I also thought the black humor worked really well here, as a counterbalance to the fairly serious themes of the book:   ""I could do this. There was life after fucking up, after all, even for those who lived without fucking.""   Both Tyler and Poppy realize quickly that they not only can they not keep their hands off each other, but they both have very deep feelings for each other. Tyler truly cared about Poppy, and he was risking everything for her. Their scenes together are just...irresistible!   ""Was I only telling myself I cared about her spiritual development, so that I could be near her? No, I decided. That for sure wasn't true. It was just that the actual truth was so much worse. I cared about her as a person, as a soul, and I wanted to fuck her, and that was the recipe for something much worse than carnal sin. It was a recipe for falling in love.""   PRIEST is an incredibly enjoyable, sexy, and yes, sometimes even funny story. I plan to read the author's other books because I loved this one so much. PRIEST is simply outstanding!   Favorite quotes:   ""Pursue righteousness, the author of Timothy said. But did righteousness carry a bottle of Macallan 12 in her hand? Because Poppy did.""   ""Be good be good be good, I told myself as I approached her. Don't jump her bones. Don't fantasize about fucking her tits. Be a good priest.""   (Reviewed from an ARC provided in return for an honest review.)"
37	adjudicated	average	As an engineer I couldn't help but love this book. It's full of logic games! The 3 rules of robotics are a very rich medium for lots of fun puzzles, and I very much enjoyed reading them. I think the book originally came out in serial form, as it was broken down into short stories or capers. Kind of reminded me of Sherlock Holmes - another favorite of mine.   Examining robots also gave a canvas for defining what it is to be human. I loved the robot religion story. Robots with a superiority complexes - but thank goodness for that first law or it would be a Terminator-style story.   According to Asimov's predictions, in 2009 the robot revolution should be in full swing. But I don't see a lot of robots around. Anyone have a good prediction on where we are with robots? When will we have pet robots and robot laborers?
197	adjudicated	good	"4.5 Gold-Medal Stars!!   SCORE!!!!! I knew when I read the synopsis for this book that I absolutely had to read it!! After falling in love with Liam and Kinsley in SCORING WILDER, I could not WAIT for R.S. Grey to release this sexy, funny-as-hell story about the Summer Olympic Games in Rio. Throw in a sexy British swimming superstar and a funny, beautiful, and driven soccer player, and I'm all in.   The Summer Games is definitely NOT just for fans of sports romance. This story is addictive, fun, enjoyable and very, very funny. R.S. Grey's one-liners are absolutely hilarious. Andie is a champion women's soccer player, in Rio for the Olympic games. She's young, fit, focused on the competition but ready to let loose in the Olympic Village.   ""I had to keep up my workouts and diet. Sure, I'd nearly chugged a bottle of vodka the day before, but sometimes vodka counts as medicine.""   Of course she was warned to stay away from bad-boy British swim champion Freddie Archibald, but Andie is just what Freddie needed in his life. He is promised to another woman, an uptight social climber to whom appearances are everything. Caroline is the opposite of Andie and Freddie has no intention of continuing with their sham ""engagement.""   R.S. Grey really brings in on in the romance department in this book. This is is MUCH sexier than some of her other books and I absolutely ADORED it!!! Andie and Freddie are incredible together. But will their romance continue after they have both left the Summer Games behind?   ""I needed her more than I needed my next race. The water was soothing, but Andie lit me on fire.""   I loved how strong and competitive Andie was and how she stayed laser-focused on her team and the games. And I always love a dual POV - and R.S. Grey executes the male POV perfectly here. Oh and Freddie's sister Georgie was funny and charismatic and I would love a book about her!! Just saying. I highly recommend The Summer Games, it is completely addictive! I can't wait for the next book in this series!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
140	adjudicated	good	"Well. I was prepared to love this book. Even the clever cover grabbed my attention. While I deeply cared about the MC's, some parts of the book were a bit too slow for me and the endings felt rushed. So I really liked this book a lot. I loved the creative and clever plot and was totally taken by surprise by the conclusion. I never saw that coming!   I felt the deep connection between the MC's and it just felt ""right"". It seems that no one cared much for Mia, so much so that no one was sure she was actually missing as opposed to just being irresponsible. Cold, her kidnapper, actually saves her life by hiding her away once he realizes that she will be useless to his boss once a ransom is collected.   There is much more to the story: there is the sad tale of James and Eve's marriage, the father's coldness toward Mia for most of her life, and the superstar sister who outshines Mia at every turn. The only one who seems to really care about her is her captor.   Lots of readers didn't like the jumping back and forth in time in the narration but I felt it added a sense of disorientation which was necessary in the book. All in all, a sturdy thriller hat kept me turning the pages all night. I cannot believe 'The Good Girl' is the first book by Mary Kubica! I cannot wait to read her other books!"
365	adjudicated	average	3 - 3.5 Stars   Emma Chase is one of my favorite authors but this story just did not click with me. I am in the minority on this one so you should defintely give this one a try! Lots of readers LOVE Stanton. A few inconsistencies in the timeline interfered with my enjoyment of the book and I found some of characters to be Southern stereotypes. I also didn't really feel the emotional connection between Stanton and Sofia. I absolutely adore this talented author and will always read her books! Ms. Chase has a very funny way with her male characters which I love. Definitely looking forward to the next books in this series.   (ARC provided by the publisher with thanks.)
245	adjudicated	average	Whoa!! This is definitely one of the dirtiest, most explicit little stories I've ever read!! And I competely and totally enjoyed every minute of this fast, filthy story. Read through to the end, there's a nice little twist. Alexa Riley's short stories are perfect for a fresh break between longer books. For fans of very adult, explicit erotica only!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
440	adjudicated	good	"Angie McKeon's debut novel is a beautifully written story about terrible loss, love and ultimately, forgiveness. This book will draw you right in from the very powerful prologue right through to the very end. Kylie and Cooper are a young married couple who have suffered an almost unimaginable loss. Unfortunately, their mutual grief almost leads to their complete self-destruction as a couple.   At first I could not understand why they continued to torture each other but the author writes in such a way that I fell in love with both characters and with their mutual best friend Grayson. These are not perfect people and they make lots of mistakes along the way. At a few points, I almost could not stand the way Cooper and Kylie treated each other -- but then the author gives us flashbacks so you can't help but understand and even sympathize why they are so shattered, but yet so joined together   ""We share a reckless, toxic love that feeds the brokenness in me, in us. Our love is an addiction. A love that I won't ever consider living without.""   Against All Odds is an outstanding debut novel from Angie McKeon. There are plenty of steamy sexy times but also tons of emotion and a really creative story that makes this book stand out from the crowd of contemporary romances. I have heard that the author has another book in the works and I can't wait to read it!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
287	adjudicated	poor	3.5 - 4 stars - full review to come.
60	adjudicated	poor	I read this after I went fly fishing for the first time, and it was pure gold. A fantastic story.
112	adjudicated	good	"4.5 Stars   LOVE LOVE LOVE this series! While not a standalone, 'American Prince' is just as magical and enticing as the first book. Without giving too much away, this book is Embry's story. Bad-boy Embry, who grows up to become the Vice-President of the United States. But he has always felt unworthy, of love, friendship and trust.   ""I grew up around power, around the kind of people who exercised authority with effortless ease, but I myself had spent most of my life dodging any and all responsibility. Consequences were something to be charmed and flirted out of, other people were worth only how much fun they could give me. I had next to no practice taking care of other people...I could barely keep myself out of trouble.""   Poor Embry! He is selfless and misunderstood. I devoured this book and love how Sierra Simone reveals the real reasons why Embry acts the way he does. I loved reading his point of view of his relationship with Ash and with Greer. Yet another book by Ms. Simone that I could NOT put down!   ""And if I ever thought Ash held all the power in their relationship, I see it clearly now. Embry holds my husband's heart in his hands and he doesn't even know it. He's too busy looking at the details of Ash's faces to see the expression, too busy being in love to see how loved he is.""   One of the things I love about this series is that there is no judgment from the author about the characters' choices or their lifestyle. They are just themselves. Always honest with other and always loving. Ms. Simone's great care in creating these characters is evident. This book ends on a cliffhanger but the final book will be released very soon so there's plenty of time to read this series before 'American King' comes out. This series is totally engaging and entertaining and I highly recommend it!!   ""I'm done running from you,"" I said honestly. ""I tried and it didn't matter--you haunted me everywhere I went.""   ""And you haunted me,"" he murmured, rolling over to press his lips against mine once more. ""My little prince.""   And so the next act in our tragedy began."
90	adjudicated	average	"If you love a sweet, verrrry sexy, low-angst romance, then this is the book for you! Vi Keeland and Penelope Ward cooked up another very readable yet super-hot contemporary romance.   Dr. Simon Hogue is a sexy British physician who meets single-mom Bridget in the cutest way possible. Both are single: Bridget is a widowed nurse with not much of a social life and Simon is a gorgeous doctor with no interest in a relationship.   There's tons of humor, sexy talk and a hottie British doctor. What's not to love? After an embarrassing ""meet cute"" with Simon, Bridget ends up renting a room in her home to him in order to make ends meet. It's not permanent: Simon is only in the US to complete his residency and then he will be back off to Britain. He loves to tease Bridget and their attraction is mutual. So he proposes a deal: a no-strings attached, sex-only relationship until he leaves.   The authors put a fresh spin on the friends-to-lovers trope that is sexy and enticing. There's not much angst but the storyline is fast-paced and engaging. Bridget doesn't want her son to get too attached to Simon so she is careful not to get attached. But Simon soon finds himself falling in love with Bridget and her son, too.   ""The sexy, blond, god of a doctor whom I'd masturbated to for weeks after the fish hook incident...was now my roommate.""   This is a swoony romance with lots of heart and tons of heat. The authors always throw in a twist for dramatic tension and it worked perfectly here! The letter-writing is a cute addition and I loved the funny, charming, dirty-talking Brit!! Another passionate, sweet and heart-warming story from a great writing duo.   ""It's proof you hooked me from the very beginning, luv.""   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)"
437	adjudicated	good	"4.5 stars!! There is nothing quite like an Abbi Glines book. I absolutely love the Florida Panhandle settings, the always-surprising and juicy story lines, and the steamy, sexy scenes. Of course I LOVE Rush and Blaire, so I was excited to read more about Grant from the Rosemary Beach series.   And even though I am not filled with hate for Nan (sorry, I can see a little, tiny bit of good in everyone!) I was completely on Harlow's side in this super-sexy installment in the Rosemary Beach series.   Leave it to Abbi Glines to give us yet another absolutely irresistible, surprisingly thoughtful leading man in Grant. The sweet and beautiful Harlow didn't have a chance with Grant around. I loved getting inside Grant's head to learn what his possible motivations could be in sleeping with Nan. And the alternating POV's work perfectly in this story.   Abbi Glines knows how to write some hot and dirty scenes and that's exactly what you get in Take A Chance. Along with the dramatic twists and turns (especially near the end), and the very alluring characters, I could not put this book down. I absolutely cannot wait for more Grant and Harlow!!   Favorite Quote:   ""I can't fight this. I don't fucking want to,"" he finished, then both his hands landed on each side of my head. ""Come with me,"" he whispered, and I broke apart into a million pieces. I screamed his name and bucked underneath him while he chanted things about how tight I was and how good I felt.   (ARC provided by Atria in return for an honest review.)"
7	adjudicated	poor	5 stars for giving me a better framework for how to organize my stuff and what stuff to keep than I'd ever had before. For instance it was so freeing to realize I don't have to keep gifts.
361	adjudicated	average	"4.5 stars!!!   Cathy and I read this book together which has become a rarity lately! We both loved this book and found it to be a beautifully written, heartfelt story filled with amazing and memorable characters. And Gus, hello!! What an amazing guy!! Perfect. He's loyal, sexy, honest, hard-working and always there for Kate.   This book tackles some very sensitive subjects so this will be a completely spoiler-free review. Kate is very funny, tough on the outside, and gives a lesson in what's important in life to just about everyone she meets. Cathy is not a huge fan of mature young adult novels and even she loved this one!   ""Katie didn't just look on the bright side, she lived there.""   And let's not forget Keller. We loved Kate with Keller! Once their slow-build relationship picked up steam, they were irresistible together. The alternating POV's told in the form of diary entries worked great in this book and really gave great insight into each of the character's state of mind. Keller grew emotionally and matured over the course of the story which was a beautiful thing to see.   ""Just when you think you know someone, they change. Or you change. Or maybe you both change. And that changes everything.""   I loved the book and would have really adored more steamy scenes between Keller and Kate. Cathy would have liked a little deeper exploration into the music scene. But we both loved Bright Side and think that Ms. Holden is an amazingly talented writer.   There are many secrets in this book and you will really enjoy it much more if you don't know what they are. This book will make you laugh, cry and and get lost in the story. Don't miss this one. And we are doing a happy dance because it looks like Gus will be getting his own story next year! SQUEEE!!   ""DO EPIC"""
347	adjudicated	average	Locke is the last book in the Corps Security Series. Although each book can be read as a standalone, the series is fantastic and you really get a sense of the strong camaraderie and history between the characters if you read the series. It is hard to say goodbye to these beloved characters but Harper Sloan does in in style with Locke.   Locke has a horrible relationship with his family as does Emmy, each in a different way. They both suffer terrible emotional (and physical) abuse. Locke has been convinced by his family that he is worthless, evil, bad, etc., so it is no wonder that he believes he has nothing to offer anyone, let alone Emmy.   Emmy has always loved Locke and when these two finally get together, it's the usual hot and fiery Corps-Security, bad-ass Alpha way! Locke won't let anyone or anything harm his Emmy and she helps him finally confront his own personal demons.   This is a fast-paced, really sexy and hot read. I love this series and fell in love with all the Corps Security men. Locke's family felt a little over the top to me, almost cartoonish in their behavior but other than that, I loved this book and highly recommend it.   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
339	adjudicated	average	"4.5 stars!!   I read The Hurricane in one sitting and was completely surprised by this fantastic debut book!! This story went way beyond my expectations and I absolutely fell in love with Cormac O'Connell. This book is not a standard fighter romance, but instead takes its time developing the characters, their relationships and the secondary characters in this story. I loved it all! And I especially loved the British flavor to this book.   While this book has PLENTY of steam and sexy times, Emily and Cormac's relationship is not just based on sex - they start off slowly as friends, because she is literally scared of her own shadow and frightened of a relationship with a man. Emily McCarthy is sweet, quite, smart and anti-social. It takes Cormac, to me a gentle giant, to slowly bring her out of her shell.   ""Safe is boring.""   Emily is hard-working and paying her own way through University. She doesn't want to fall for Cormac but he takes things gradually, and vows to protect her no matter what. Eventually she learns to trust him and to let herself actually feel something for another person.   ""He was the loud to my quiet, the confidence to my shyness, the rage to my pain. Separately, we were broken and alone. Together, we were blissfully happy and complete and every time that we made love was a celebration.""   There is plenty of tension in this fast-paced story and I adored the secondary characters as well. The Hurricane is a stellar debut novel and I cannot wait to read more from this author!!   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)"
159	adjudicated	average	"It's never too late to change the road that you're on.   The synopsis for this book really grabbed my attention. Jessica is a doctor at a women's prison and finds old letters written by an inmate that were never delivered. She makes it her mission to find the man the letters were written to, and her search leads her to a small beachside town. The residents are a tight-knit group but Jessica, who had been restless in her professional and personal life, finally feels like she is ""home"".   This is small-town romance at its best. I LOVED this very sexy, tender, warm-hearted and mature love story!! My favorite kind. The One Real Thing has fabulous writing and interesting, real and loyal secondary characters.   Cooper and Jessica share a deep connection and if you like off-beat characters with some good old-fashioned romance, then you will love this book. I am looking forward to more books in this series about the rest of the inhabitants of Hart's Boardwalk.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
151	adjudicated	average	"4.5 Stars   ""My name is Scarlet Stone and my biggest fear is that someday I will find what I want most in life and it will be impossible to steal.""   Leave it to Jewel E. Ann to write THE most creative, refreshing and inventive storylines ever! Nothing you have ever read will prepare you for Scarlet Stone. A beautiful and sexy and surprising book, Scarlet and Theo will draw you in and steal your heart. Their story is gorgeous and their chemistry was real and very, very hot.   ""What if we started counting time in breaths instead of seconds? What if I could hold my breath and stop time?""   All of the characters in this book are unforgettable. I don't know how Jewel E. Ann dreams up these larger-than-life personalities but I hope she never stops. Just when I thought I knew the direction this story was going in, it completely changed course! You can read the synopsis for this story but it is best read not knowing more so I will try to keep this review spoiler-free. 'Scarlet Stone' is funny, sexy, heartbreaking, emotional and very, very different. This author never disappoints. Scarlet is one of the most memorable heroines I have ever read!   ""My name is Scarlet Stone, and I'm drawn to anything out of the ordinary, the crazy, the eccentric. I've been this way all my life.""   If you are looking for an out-of-the-ordinary romance with tons of heat and heart, do not miss 'Scarlet Stone'! It is wildly inventive and perfectly readable. Another fantastic read from one of my favorite authors!   ""Then us,...""   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review."
178	adjudicated	good	"Open your shirt for me, little one. Let's see if I like what I'm getting for my trouble.   She's baaaaack!! Penelope Douglas has written another dark and delicious and riveting story in the Devil's Night series. I could not WAIT for Kai's story and it was everything I hoped for! Secrets are revealed, inner desires unleashed with a heart-pounding romance at the heart of to all.   Kai's story was incredible. Ms. Douglas is one of the most talented romance writers around and I just knew that she would create another romantic suspense story like no other. 'Hideaway' is just as dark os 'Corrupt' and will satisfy your every craving. Kai is an alpha like no other - dark, dangerous and SMART.   ""We're only ever good, because there are consequences,"" I told her. ""Take those away, and everyone shows their true self. Kind of like taking off a mask.""   This book alternates back and forth between the present and Devil's Night six years before. Kai has finally met his match in Banks, a mysterious figure who may or may not have some connection to him. The chemistry between them is perfect, as I would expect with a Penelope Douglas book, but not instant. They have an intense and sexy connection but to say more would ruin the experience of reading this story. I am glad I did not know too much about the plot. It was INSANE!!   ""Happy to hear it, because I'm the only man whose attention you should be trying to get, and baby, you got it years ago while wearing another man's clothes."" He kissed my temple, his hot breath sending chills down my spine. ""So you can imagine how fucking beautiful you are to me right now wearing mine.""   There are tons of twists and turns and part of the enjoyment of reading this yummy tale was the ending. This book is definitely for fans of dark romance: this is not a hearts-and-flowers kind of book. But if you are a fan of the Four Horsemen from 'Corrupt', then you will devour 'Hideaway'! It is raw and gritty and WILD. And there is a fabulous sneak peek from 'Kill Switch', Devil's Night #3. I can't wait to see how Ms. Douglas tells Damon's story!!   ""This is what I wanted. What I always wanted, since the first time I'd seen her. Someone who knew me and wanted to dive with me...""   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review."
394	adjudicated	average	4.5 stars!! Hot and sweet and funny. This was my first book by Cardeno C. and I absolutely loved it!   This story is told in the very clever way of Chase/Charlie looking back over time and telling his story through the format of looking through a photo album of his life. I adored this. The story itself is a beautifully-written mix of humor, pain, steam and sweetness. I can't wait to read more from this author.   Charlie/Chase has always been true to himself, which has not been easy for other men in his life. I loved his honesty! Although the book is told from three different POV's, it is really Charlie who is the main character in this story. Scott is his first love and their story is hot, sweet and heartbreaking. Scott moves away abruptly but remains the love of Charlie's life. Years later, Charlie meets Adan and thinks that maybe he could love again. The way these three eventually come together is both surprising and totally hot. The character development is fantastic and the writing, to me, almost flawless. I love reading how these three souls ultimately find a way to create a life that's right for them.   If you are in any kind of book slump, read this book. It's a page-turner and completely addictive.
185	adjudicated	excellent	"4.5 - 5 Stars   ""You are important, and you can't be replaced. Hang on.""   NO ONE writes dark and edgy young adult books like Penelope Douglas! I LOVE the message of this sexy and angsty book. Ryen and Misha are unforgettable!   Even if you aren't a fan of YA books, 'Punk 57' has enough adult scenes and intense sexual chemistry to satisfy. This is what keeps me coming back again and again to this author's books. Yes, there are tons of tough scenes; especially hard to take are the painful scenes from high school. Not pretty. This book is somewhat dark and angsty and is almost a hybrid between 'Corrupt' and the 'Fall Away' series.   This is a classic love/hate/love story. Both characters were pen pals from a young age, pouring their hearts out to each other in a series of letters written over the years. They felt that they could only be themselves with the other; and they each brought out the best in the other. However, they have sworn to be anonymous, pledging to not seek the other out on social media. So when Ryen meets Misha in person for this first time, she has no idea who he is. Misha has been in love with Ryen for years but he hates the person she is now. Or who he ASSUMES she is.   ""And then when I found out she was popular, not an outcast, and a cardboard cut-out, not at all original, I became angry. She led me to believe those things, and my muse was a lie.""   Yes, you must suspend disbelief for a minute here to believe that two teenagers in 2016 could really stay oblivious to the other's true identity. BUT there is so much nuance to this story and so many twists and turns that I could go along with that part of the story.   How do you tell your friend-- your best friend-- that you've been right here, under her nose, playing with her like a puppet?   'Punk 57' is raw and BRUTALLY honest. Ultimately, it delivers an uplifting, beautiful and important message to anyone with a negative self-image or low self-esteem. And for that, I applaud the author.   ""They'll never matter to us, Ryen.   No one knows how this feels.""   ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review."
450	adjudicated	average	"This was a really good sequel but it was also very fast! I need Book 3! I absolutely love Isis, she is incredibly witty, sarcastic and fun. The author has created an amazing female character in this series, and I can't wait to read more about her!   Savage Delight begins right where Book 1, Lovely Vicious, ends. I don't want to give away any spoilers from either Book 1 or Savage Delight so I will just say that Isis is recovering in the hospital after an attack. This book then explores Sophia and Jack's past, and what a surprise it is!   I loved this book. The author has a witty, fast-paced way of writing, and these characters stayed with me after I finished both these books. I read Savage Delight in one sitting and I can't wait for Book 3!   Favorite quote:   ""The sadness will last forever. And I think he was right, but I also think he was very, very wrong. It doesn't last forever. Because we don't last forever.""   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
11	adjudicated	average	"A beautiful story. Neil Gaiman is truly a unique storyteller. I did a combo of reading and listening to this story, and Neil is great at reading as well. I got interested in this book after seeing the movie, which I really enjoyed. The book is similar - maybe a bit more poetic - but I think the plot in the movie is a bit improved (not much, but a bit).   I imagine this book came about because Neil read the below poem that he includes in the beginning, and then he invented a plot around it. The result is the book reads like a epic poem - it's creative, magical, and really, just right.   Go and catch a falling star,   Get with child a mandrake root,   Tell me where all past years are,   Or who cleft the devil's foot,   Teach me to hear mermaids singing,   Or to keep off envy's stinging,   And find   What wind   Serves to advance an honest mind.   If thou be'st born to strange sights,   Things invisible to see,   Ride ten thousand days and nights,   Till age snow white hairs on thee,   Thou, when thou return'st, wilt tell me,   All strange wonders that befell thee,   And swear,   No where   Lives a woman true, and fair.   If thou find'st one, let me know,   Such a pilgrimage were sweet;   Yet do not, I would not go,   Though at next door we might meet;   Though she were true, when you met her,   And last, till you write your letter,   Yet she   Will be   False, ere I come, to two, or three.   And here is my new favorite quote: ""Have been unavoidably detained by the world. Expect us when you see us."""
381	adjudicated	good	"4.5 pounding-hot stars!! Seriously thrilling and addictive.   This is the first book I have read by this writing duo and it certainly won't be the last! This is a gritty, thrilling and addictive story. Please note the series name - SEX and MAYHEM, and there's plenty of both!   This is a M/M Motorcycle Club book with a twist: Stitch, is a closeted gay biker. His MC is seriously homophobic and he is not out to his ex-wife or to his family. This guy is sex on a stick and and when he meets the sexy and alluring Zak, all bets are off. Zak is a tattoo artist and is completely out. They have explosive chemistry and these sex scenes are absolutely among the top 5 hottest scenes I have ever read. What begins as a sex-only relationship gradually builds into something more. Stitch grows as a character and little by little comes face to face with his own sexuality.   ""I had a bad night. All I wanted was to come home to you.""   Stitch and Zak have an intensely passionate relationship but Stitch still will not admit that he is gay. He imposes secrets and restrictions on Zak and Zak quite naturally rebels and much sex and mayhem ensues. I found this book to be incredibly gripping and the writing style fast-paced, gritty and intensely sexual.   Make no mistake, this book is incredibly violent and graphic. It is also filled with what I found to be highly erotic m/m sex and irresistible characters. I absolutely loved this very dark and emotional story and can't wait to read more from these authors!   (*ARC received from the authors in return for an honest review)"
104	adjudicated	excellent	"4.5 Stars   Holy moly!!! What to say about this delicious, erotic, COMPLETELY taboo romance? Enter at your own risk!! Reading this book was like riding a roller coaster - my emotions were all over the place. Ms. Saffron Kent is an author to watch. And Professor Thomas Abrams? I honestly have no words.   Some books have ""it"" - an undefinable quality that hooks the reader from the beginning and doesn't let go. 'The Unrequited' has ""it."" Once I started reading this steamy forbidden romance, I simply could not put it down.   ""Bravery is like falling in love. You donaEUR(tm)t know if the person will reciprocate, but still you fall. ""   Heed the warnings in the synopsis, and if you are not a fan of forbidden romance or cheating, then move along. But there is SO much more to this book! Thomas and Layla's story is very nuanced and adult and very complicated. And so, so erotic!!   ""The Harlot fell in love with the Fire-breather. It was beautiful and right. It was wrong and ugly, just like the earth beneath my feet. It was tragic and ecstatic. It was everything IaEUR(tm)d hoped love could be.""   Saffon Kent did a fantastic job creating two very different protagonists. Layla is passionate, self-deprecating, very open and brutally honest. She is a true original. Thomas is brilliant, sexy, introspective and sarcastic. Layla is heartbroken and possibly crazy after being rejected by her one true love. She is required to enroll in college and attend class as part of her therapy. She ends up in Professor Thomas Abrams' poetry class and immediately realizes she is in way over her head. He is rude to her and sees through her charade.   But Thomas has secrets, too. Yes he is married but there is much, much more to his story than just that simple fact. Cold, aloof and arrogant, he is the complete opposite of Layla. You just know that Thomas and Layla will be a total train wreck together, but you just can't look away."
82	adjudicated	poor	This is the best harry potter book so far, followed closely by book 6.
39	adjudicated	average	Loved every minute. So sad there isn't another!   I thought JK really made Harry an even stronger archetypal hero - almost in a Paul Maud'Dib from Dune kind of way. He's fighting the ultimate evil, he's brave and takes risks, and believes in himself and doesn't give up despite many hardships. I think JK really did a phenomenal job, as I bet every kid who reads this will have a little bit of hero/Gryffindor in them.   The epilogue was lame though. I would have rather seen a '3 months later' epilogue than a '19 years later' one.
315	adjudicated	good	"4 1/2 I-LOVE-LINDEN STARS!!   I love a sweet, sexy, hot and romantic story, and The Pact is all this and more! Add a charismatic and irresistible Scotsman? YES, PLEASE! Karina Halle hits another home run with this incredibly engaging and modern tale of dating, love and romance. This is a fun, fast-paced and very enjoyable read and a little bit of a different type of book for this author. And I loved every word. Linden and Stephanie are two incredibly engaging characters, both very endearing and sometimes maddening and in the end, just plain human, with all the insecurities, longings and sometimes-dysfunctional relationships that most of us deal with into our adulthood.   These two are best friends, but also find each other irresistible. But they are terrified of ruing their close friendship by becoming involved romantically. So, they make a pact. At Linden's suggestion, they agree at age 25 that if they are not married by the age of 30, then they will marry each other. Sounds like a good idea, no? But the problem is that no one else can measure up to the other during all the years in between. At times, I just wanted to scream, ""Get together already!!""   ""I sip my drink and can't help but feel the slightest bit relieved. In five years, all the dating and the strife could be over. In five years, there's the tiniest possibility that I could marry my best friend.""   Linden is hot hot hot and the kind of guy that every girl swoons over. He can't seem to fully give himself to anyone and of course, is madly in love with Stephanie. She, however, is not quite sure if he was just kidding about the pact, but she, too, can't seem to find true love, either.   ""I want to tell her all the filthy things I think about, be real, raw and unfiltered. I want to make her cheeks flush from my dirty mouth and her body with desire.""   Oh, yes, Linden is a dirty talker. Will they finally see through their stubborn resolve and give in to the feelings they have for each other? Things seem to come to a head during a camping weekend and they both seem to finally see the light. Finally! But will they be able to withstand all the outside forces and their own insecurities to be able to really make their incredible bond last?   The Pact has one of the most romantic and heart-pounding endings I have ever read. I was alternately swooning and crying. Karina Halle has written a perfect contemporary romance - it has a believable and relatable hero and heroine, modern settings, real-life problems and lots and lots of incredibly steamy, off-the-charts sex!! Issues with friendships, dating, jobs, family -- this book has it all. I loved this book and fell in love with Linden. Highly recommended for all fans of modern romance!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review)"
168	adjudicated	good	"3.5 Stars   The highly-anticipated third book in The Royals Series picks up right where the second book ended so the other books MUST be read in order! While overall I liked the teen-angst feel of this series, the third book felt a bit rushed at times and I felt that Ella and Reed lost some of the heat and passion that fueled the first two books. With that said, this writing duo is very talented and the wild storyline certainly held my interest.   In 'Twisted Palace', Ella is firmly in place as a member of the Royals household. Gone is the taunting and name-calling from the first book. Ella and Reed are now completely in love!   ""Sometimes I still can't believe that we all hated each other when I first got here. Reed was determined to destroy me. His brothers alternately taunted or ignored me. I fantasized about running away on a daily basis. And now I can't imagine not having the Royals in my life.""   Reed has been arrested for the murder of Brooke and the evidence seems pretty strong against him. There are tons of questions in this book. Everyone at school is talking about Reed and giving damaging testimony against him. His past seems to catch up to him and his future looks very grim. Add to that is the fact that Steve is now back! There is TONS of drama plus wild plot twists in this book which makes 'Twisted Palace' feel much more suspenseful than the first two books. I liked the forbidden-love aspect of the earlier books but this book adds almost a mystery element to the series.   Reed is loyal to his core. He'd die for his family.   Hell, he might've even killed for it.   This series is great for readers who love over-the-top drama and first-love stories. I really liked the supporting characters and I hope some of them will get their own story! I also would LOVE a story about Callum Royal. While the brothers don't get as much focus here as in the earlier books, fans of this series will be happy to get more of Reed and Ella. Overall not my favorite in this series but still a fun, light, read that is a total guilty pleasure.   (Reviewed from an ARC)"
470	adjudicated	average	4.5 stars!! Settle in and enjoy this sexy and witty novella from the wonderful Emma Chase! Light and hilarious, Holy Frigging Matrimony will hold you over until the next installment arrives from Ms. Chase. This short story offers Drew's oh-so-masculine POV and plenty of sexy times to satisfy even the most jaded reader. The author is a fantastic writer, and packs an action-filled plot into a small package. Loved this story! Treat yourself to a sexy and hilarious read from the one and only Emma Chase.   (ARC provided by the publisher in exchange for an honest review)
297	adjudicated	excellent	"4.5 Emotionally Stunning Stars!!   ""He was my truth. Even if that made me a sinner.""   I expect nothing less than total perfection from Penelope Ward and she delivers another very sexy, very emotionally satisfying story with Sins of Sevin. This book is the perfect cure for any kind of book slump you might be in. The characters are all richly written, the story is very different and creative, and the emotions this book inspires will have you wishing you there was more to this story. I did not want it to end!   Sins of Sevin, told in alternating POV's, is about a fundamentally Christian household where the daughters must be courted before marriage by a man who has been chosen by the family. No kissing, no touching no NOTHING before marriage. The problem is, that Sevin is promised to a girl he does not love. His heart belongs to another. There are many factors at play here as to why he cannot be with the one he loves, his true soul mate, and these obstacles only make Sevin to be an even stronger, heartbreaking hero than is already is.   ""You can't choose love. It chooses you, and once that happens, it doesn't let you go. You can pretend it's not there but when you try, it only fights harder...louder...until you finally get the message and give in.""   I do not read many other ""taboo"" romance books other than Penelope Ward. She is the Queen, bar none, of the forbidden romance genre. Sins of Sevin is another fantastic forbidden romance with a hero that I fell in love with from the first page. This book is filled with lots of anguish, emotion and plenty of guilt on the part of both main characters but the writing in this book flows so beautifully that even the most cynical reader with fall in love with Sevin (and MAYBE Evangeline!).   Ms. Ward's story spans several years in time, which adds to the richness of the story. I honestly could not tell where this story was going end up, and the ending truly did surprise me. And please, have plenty of tissues handy for the Epilogue to this beautifully sexy and very loving book.   ""I have so much love inside of me that's all yours, and it's been trapped inside. I need to give it to you, because holding it in is killing me. I know your heart belongs to me. But I'm selfish. I want all of you. I want you.""   Sevin and Evangeline are far from perfect. Both make choices that I did not agree with. But I absolutely fell in love with Sevin and with this story. Do not miss it. Sins of Sevin is a must-read!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
475	adjudicated	average	Saving Alexander is a very sexy, very raw, and very emotional m/m love story with a thriller thrown in for good measure. As a fan of the m/m genre, I found the story to be very gripping and very satisfying in terms of the heat factor. I read a fair amount of m/m books and I generally find female authors to be a bit less gritty, but I will say the sex scenes in Saving Alexander did not disappoint! The heartbreaking description of Alex's background, from which he tries to find some sort of healing through BDSM sessions, is balanced out nicely by the loving relationship he finds with Sage. There is a suspenseful storyline here along with the very erotic romance between Sage and Alex. The only minor drawback for me was that these two talked A LOT about their relationship and their feelings. But overall I really liked this book and found it to be incredibly well written and enjoyable! Definitely a must-read for any fan of m/m books.   *ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review*
199	adjudicated	excellent	"Original, fresh, fast-paced, sexy.... LOVED every word of this book!!   L.J. Shen has written an incredibly thrilling and amazingly satsifying book. I love her writing style and can't wait to read her other books. This story grabbed me by the throat from the first word and didn't let go until the very last page. And what a beginning! Sparrow has found herself in a sudden arranged marriage to one of Boston's most notorious criminals, Troy Brennan.   He has a troubled past. A disastrous future. And I'm about to become a part of his present, whether I like it or not.   Sexy, dangerous, with not one ounce of kindess or compassion, Troy is a feared and legendary figure in Boston's crime circles. Sparrow has known of him all of her life, having grown up on the mean streets of Boston and with a father who was a low-level member of one of Troy's father gangs. Sparrow has no clue why she has been forced into this marriage because Troy seems to hate her as much as she hates him, and they both seem revolted by the idea of being married to each other.   ""Dear future wife..."" He smirked in a way that made me want to beg for mercy. ""If you think you're going to give me trouble, think again. I invented trouble. I stir it, I mix it, I fucking fix it. Don't try my patience, because you'll discover I have absolutely none.   Sparrow is feisty, resilient, smart and yes, very innocent and sheltered in many ways. She has no qualms about standing up to Troy, and he actually likes it. Sparrow is different from all the gold-digging women who are only interested in his wealth and his power. He actually kind of likes her, in his own, sick, very twisted way. But Sparrow learns quickly how to survive in her gilded cage and is thrilled when Troy agrees to let her work in one of his restaurants.   The sexual chemistry in this book is explosive!! Troy is the ulimtate bad boy. But what makes this book so unique is the witty sarcasm from both her main characters and the crsip and snappy dialogue. I read this book in almost one sitting and I still want more!!   ""I was in love with a murderer who didn't love me back, who never explained why he took me for his wife. It wasn't fine, wasn't okay, but it was the ugly, embarrassing, uncomfortable truth. Considering how fucked up my truth was, I began to understand why Troy gave me something far more convenient and beautiful. He gave me lies, and I ate them from the palm of his hand. He gave me lies, and for him, I closed my eyes.   This book rockets forward at a breakneck speed, with an incredible storyline that kept me guessing until the very end. There are many memorable supporting characters but Troy and Sparrow are the main focus and i kept hoping that Troy wasn't really as evil as he seemed to be. Sparrow is no pushover and I absolutely adored the ending that author gave these two. This book is one of my favorite books so far this year and it is defintely the most original. I highly recommend this story and can't wait to read more from this author!   FAVORITE QUOTE:   ""Failure is inevitable,"" he continued in a flat tone that didn't hold much emotion or hope, ""and heartache is unstoppable. One day, I'll forget to clip your wings. When that day arrives, when you run away, I guess I'd be happy to know you'll still have some money and the means to make it in this wild, tough world."""
298	adjudicated	good	"We loved Mickey and Amelia's story! Soaring is classic Kristen Ashley, filled with love, family, a helluva sexy Alpha hero and lots more love. What is different about Soaring is that Amelia is far from perfect. She is a seriously flawed heroine who has made some very bad choices in her life. Those actions have had serious consequences including the loss of the custody of her children. But she is bound and determined to change her life, get her kids back and maybe, just maybe, fall in love again.   Ms. Ashley fills Amelia's house with good friends and lots of family. Fences are mended and hearts are repaired along the way. But it is not an easy path, as Amelia has alienated most of her family and must hide her shattered heart in order to put things right again. We absolutely loved how the author really nailed what it's like to live with teenagers, and loved the scenes with Amelia's kids and Mickey's kids as well.   Mickey has also had a rough past and resists falling for his gorgeous neighbor. He is a good man and might be one of our favorite KA heroes ever. Strong, sexy, low-key....yes, please!! And he accepts Amelia for who she is and doesn't judge her based on her past behavior.   ""The mistakes we make in life don't define us, Amy. The way we handle 'em after makin' 'em do.""   This is an EPIC love story. We ""soared"" right along with Amelia and Mickey. We also loved how Amelia finally, for the first time in her life, stands on her own two feet and stands up to her awful, low-life ex-husband Conrad. And she does so without harming her children along the way.   We love a strong heroine and Amelia turns out to be just that. Smart, beautiful and loving, it was a pleasure reading about a heroine who was over 40 and had LIVED a life. Soaring is a gritty, sexy, beautiful story. Don't miss this one!!   ""Life isn't always beauty,"" he returned. ""Most of the time it's shit. But you keep fightin' to turn it around, that says it all about you. And you're fightin'. As a fighter too, I fuckin' love that in you."""
417	adjudicated	average	"If you love a hard-working, sexy but sweet cowboy and a feisty heroine, you will love Rising Assets! This was my first book by Rebecca Zanetti and I loved it! Although Rising Assets is part of a series, you can definitely read it as a standalone.   Colt and Melanie have been close friends since they were very young. Life has not been easy for Mel but she is too proud to turn to Colt for any help. No need - Colt steps right in when he sees Mel struggling to work three jobs. He has a great plan for a new business venture but along they way, the friends start to see each other in a different way. And who can resist a sexy Alpha cowboy who's smart and driven at business??   ""If you're not smart enough to take care of yourself, you damn well do take orders from me.""   He stepped into her space. ""If I had really spanked you, darlin', you'd know it.""   Colt is one hot cowboy who never really wanted more than a one-night stand and Mel is looking for stability and a happy ending. Can they make their incredible chemistry last? Rising Assets is a hot, sexy and fairly quick read featuring a bunch of Alpha males who know how to take charge. I absolutely loved the characters and the storyline. The ending left me breathless and I can't wait to read more from Ms. Zanetti!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
147	adjudicated	average	"3.5 - 4 Stars   I ADORE Renee Carlino and I think that all of her other books are beautifully written. 'Not in This Life' is one my top favorite books! 'Lucian Divine' did not have the depth that I expect from this writer's work. There was plenty of ""tell"" but not enough show. This lack of detail led to me not really feeling the bond between the main characters.   Without spoiling the plot, there are just too many open questions in this book. The ending felt rushed. There are elements of romance, sex and even humor here, but I never ""felt"" the love between Evey and Lucian. I like that the author wrote a story that is certainly different and unexpected. Some readers may enjoy this type of book, but it was just not for me. I loved the Epilogue and the ending for these characters was perfect. Definitely try this one and judge for yourself!   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)"
393	adjudicated	good	"Each relationship was its own mess full of faults and flaws, fighting every damn day to be worthy.   What a perfectly dark ending to one of my favorite dark romance series! I read for escape and Monsters in the Dark offers just that. Pepper Winters has created a dark, sexy and highly erotic series with two unforgettable characters. Tess and Q are both damaged, flawed and perfectly matched for each other. I adore this series and read this intense story almost in one sitting.   Q was born into darkness, but he'd never baptized me in his blackest desires. And because of that, I could implicitly say he spoke the truth. No matter what he did to me, he would never truly harm me.   Told in dual POV's, this book is very, very dark and offers some BDSM along with the highly unusual relationship between Tess and Q. Having settled into married life, Q is hiding something from Tess that he fears will break them apart. But Tess is strong, brave and absolutely devoted to Q. She will let nothing and no one come between them!   We come alive when we're together with no cages or locks between us.   Q is fascinating and irresistible. I love him!! JE SUIS A TOI is a very graphic story but it is truly Pepper Winters at her best. I'm very sad to see this series end but looking forward to what is next from this author!   Favorite quote:   ""I loved her.   I adored her.   I didn't want to hurt her.   Lies.   I did want to hurt her.   And she wanted me to.   That was ultimate freedom."""
148	adjudicated	excellent	"4.5 Stars!!   One of Alessandra Torre's best books. Couldn't put it down!! Crisp, concise, fast-paced and enthralling. All of the ingredients for a great read!   ""If you lie enough times, no one believes your truth.""   This book is Alessandra Torre at her best: no-nonsense, smart and engaging fiction. Helena is a very unlikely heroine, prickly, moody and basically angry at the world. She doesn't want to rely on anyone at all. She even keeps her long-time agent Kate at arm's length.   ""On rare days, Kate regrets ever meeting the woman. But on most days, she just wonders about her. They say all geniuses are a little mad. Maybe Helena's madness just took longer to come out.""   But Helena as a story to tell and she doesn't have much time to do it. She sets her sights on one writer, and one writer only, to become her ghostwriter. A competing romance author, Marka writes books that Helena actually despises. But she sees a talent there that would be perfect for her own story.   ""What's happened to me? I have a story that I don't have time to tell. I have an empty house that reeks of death. I have no friends, no family, and no one to ask for help. I'm dying, and it's the best thing that has happened to me in a long time.""   Alessandra Torre builds the suspense perfectly in this book, all while holding the reader's attention and slowly revealing the terrible secret about Helena's life. This book is also a fascinating glimpse into the lonely life of a writer and the almost obsessive need to get the words out at all costs.   ""You can tell them who you are, or what your job in the book was. I don't mind if they know I've had help.""   They. The gods in their world, the eyes on which the axis rotated. The readers. The critics. What would they think?   This is most definitely not a romance but the main characters are both renowned romance writers. Helena's own story begins as a romance but you just know it is NOT going to conclude with a happily ever after.   ""Boys like him don't go for girls like me, they don't follow me with their eyes, or listen when I speak. They don't lean closer or want more.""   I absolutely loved this book. Once I started I could not put it down. I applaud the author for creating a heroine who is far from loveable yet completely and utterly captivating. No question that astute readers will figure out the terrible secret before the surprising conclusion, but this book is a total winner nonetheless. It is completely original and inventive. I have never read anything like it. Alessandra Torre deserves all the accolades for this one!   ""Soon ... my final story will come out, and everyone will know the truth.   (Reviewed from an ARC obtained from NetGalley.)"
448	adjudicated	good	"This book is a great read for any fan of Kristen Ashley and lovers of alpha males! Our hero Jack is a classic alpha male, in fact, he's the town sheriff and basically falls for Jenn immediately and claims her as his own. He is very sexy and I loved his no-nonsense, blunt, plain-speaking character.   ""I'm not 9-5 suit material; I wear jeans; I hunt bad guys, and I rescue damsels in distress.""   Jenn has had several major upheavals in her life and ends up relocating to the town of Gunnison in the Colorado mountains. I liked that our heroine is not 22 years old but instead is old enough to have a daughter in college. Much action and drama ensue once Jenn arrive in town, and the best part for me was the romance and the very, very hot and steamy sex scenes between Jenn and Jack. There is also a crime/mystery story involved which puts Jenn in peril throughout much of the book.   There is no question that this book is cut from the same mold as Kristen Ashley's stories. The author clearly and admittedly is a fan of KA. If you like a growling alpha male with a good heart and a feisty heroine, you will love this book. The story had some editing and grammar issues which troubled me but if the author can tighten those up, I am very much looking forward to her next book!   This is a standalone and I loved the ending and prologue."
288	adjudicated	excellent	"3.5 Stars!   Parallel universes? Yes, please! I have always been intrigued with stories about the path not taken. The blurb of MAYBE IN ANOTHER LIFE intrigued me and made me think of one of my favorite movies, Sliding Doors. While this book was not all that I had hoped for, it is nonetheless a well-written, thought-provoking story about the consequences of our actions, fate and destiny.   Taylor Jenkins Reid brings a unique and fresh voice to the idea that our soul mates are out there, and that our choices lead us to our own realities. Both parallel stories in this book were engaging, REAL, and very original. The characters are all very relatable and some of their stories more poignant than others.   ""I know there may be universes out there where I made different choices and they led me somewhere else, led me to someone else. And my heart breaks for every single version of me that didn't end up with you.""   Our heroine Hannah takes two widely divergent paths, as does her best friend Gabby. I did feel an overriding sense of sadness while reading this book, which, happily, was replaced by joy by the end. MAYBE IN ANOTHER LIFE is a very thoughtful and interesting book, which will make you think about your choices in life, and whether fate ever really plays a part in our lives. Is everything all mapped out, occurring anyway no matter what our choices might be? There's lots to chew on here and I will say that I was totally surprised by the ending of this book.   I would have like a little more detail about some of the more meaningful events in this book. However, much of this story seems aimed at twenty-somethings who will very much enjoy Hannah's journey. I did feel that some important details were missing, but overall, both the writing and the story were very intriguing and fresh.   I read this in one sitting and I will definitely grab the author's other books now. Love, loss, family, friendship, loyalty -- they are all covered here and I think this is the perfect summertime read."
124	adjudicated	average	3.5 - 4 Stars   I adore Jane Harvey-Berrick and her books are among my favorites. This story is a lovely, sexy romance with a good dose of old-fashioned angst thrown in. I liked the way the author exposed the horrific realities of dog-fighting so kudos to her for that. There was obviously lots of research that went into this book. Also loved that the heroine was a veterinarian. There is a good amount of steam in this book and the story makes for a wonderful afternoon or evening of reading.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
369	adjudicated	average	Great conclusion to Andrew and Aubrey's story in this surprisingly well-written installment. The emotions in the third installment of RD were deeper and the story was more detailed than the first two books in this series. I loved the characters. If you can suspend disbelief about working in a law firm, then you will love this series. Much of the legal part of the story was accurate enough, which was very refreshing. This series is a great, fairly fast read, filled with characters you love and characters you love to hate. Looking forward to much more from Whitney G.!!
97	adjudicated	average	"4.5 - 5 Stars!!   ""When life happened, it did it in a heartbeat. That space between time. A first inhale, a last exhale. The dawn of realization, the eve of what was and never again would be.""   What an unexpected and refreshing surprise!!! This book is unlike anything I've ever read. And please don't read any spoilers! The author just totally blew me away with the plot and the characters and the FEELS!   Let me just say that Parker was one of my favorite MC's EVER. Strong, funny, self-deprecating, she is basically just waiting for her life to begin. She has a chip on her shoulder and blames everyone else for the position she's in. But there is so much more to her story!!   ""If Amazon Prime offered a life, she would have one-clicked the hell out of it and selected recurring monthly delivery.""   This book is NOT what you think. The plot is inventive and sexy and emotional. It is pure Jewel E. Ann. This book took me on a rollercoaster ride of emotions and I did not want it to end! Parker finds herself in THE one situation that she swore she would never be in. Funny how life is, right? Despite her best intentions, she realizes that life is not black and white but is shades of grey. And family does mean everything.   ""Temptation no longer resided in his blind spot. She lived a hundred yards away.   This book is funny and steamy and just plain REAL. I am trying not to give away any of the plot because this book is best read without knowing anything about the story or the characters. It is another delightfully different story from one of the best indie authors writing today. Pick up 'When Life Happened.' You will be delighted and challenged and entertained.   The truth doesn't always set you free, and lies are not always deception.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
144	adjudicated	good	"4.5 Stars!!   ""Take the hoodie off. Please. I'll only look with my eyes.""   OMG this book was SO funny!! Sweet and sugary but sexy and romantic, too. I devoured this confection of a story. I am absolutely floored that this was a debut novel! Every line was funnier than the one before. And the story was pure enjoyment! This book was the perfect antidote for me.   Lucy and Josh are co-workers at a large publishing company who end up competing for the same job. I am very picky about office romances because (a) I work in an office, and (b) they are usually so unrealistic and overly simple. Not 'The Hating Game'. The author nails the workplace setting perfectly.   Lucy and Josh HATE each other. Like, they can't even stand to be in the same room together. But they share an office! They are complete opposites in every way. He is cold and controlling, she is warm and friendly. He is REALLY tall, she is VERY petite. They tease each other incessantly.   ""Stop calling me Shortcake.""   ""Watching you pretend to hate that nickname is the best part of my day.""   The writing in this book was absolutely hilarious. The dialogue was fresh and original.   ""I don't like big guys. They're too much like horses. They could trample you if you got underfoot. He is auditing my appearance with the same narrowed eyes that I am. I wonder what the top of my head looks like. I'm sure he only fornicates with Amazons.""   Lucy and Josh eventually end of competing for the same job which would mean a huge promotion for both of them. Lucy comes to realize that their mutual and VERY public dislike for each other just might actually be mutual lust. She can't help but drool over Josh's perfection every single day.   ""Today is a magnificent black T-shirt day. Write today in your diaries. Tell your grandchildren stories about it. I tear my eyes away, but they slide back moments later. Underneath that T-shirt is a body that could fog an elderly librarian's glasses.""   This book reminded me of 'Tangled' by Emma Chase. The writing is smart, sexy, funny and very sharp. Both characters here are fully developed and the secondary characters are just as interesting! I fell in love with both Lucy's and Josh's families. AND I loved the characters' growth over the course of the book.   ""I've got so much inside me I have no idea about. I'm like the mayor of a city I've never seen.""   I highly recommend this book if you are in the mood for a sweet and sexy modern romance with the perfect amount of wit and sarcasm.   ""In the dark, I slide my body against his, feeling his sighs, and I tug him down to lie on me properly.   ""I'm pretty heavy. I'll flatten you.""   ""I've had a good life."""
240	adjudicated	good	"Charli Moore I like you.I have since the first time I saw you.   I am a hug fan of Aleatha Romig. Her Consequences series is an absolute favorite of mine and is one of those series that you can't stop talking about non-stop with anyone who'll listen to your ranting and raving about Tony Rawlings.   I couldn't wait to read BETRAYAL, the first in a series of 5 full-length novels in the Infidelity series. Now, while cheating does not bother me in the least, for those of you who might shy away from such books, rest assured that's NOT what this book is about. At all. Alexandria has grown up very wealthy, and has tried to break free from her extremely dysfunctional family by attending college as far away as possible from her controlling family and wicked stepfather.   After gradating from college, she yearns to ""cut loose"" and does just that during one week at a resort with her best friend. She meets a mysterious, sexy, uber-Alpha named Nox and they embark on a passionate and intense, no-strings-attached week. She uses the name Charli so that she can remain completely anonymous. But they will have just one week together, even though she clearly develops intense feelings for the stunning Nox.   ""Our first time will be what you want, what you fantasize about. I'm going to take you, right here, right now.""   WOW!! Their scenes together are richly written and breathtaking and they have tons of chemistry. I absolutely loved the alternating timeframes which added to overall feeling of tension and foreboding. There is a completely surprising twist at the end, and if you have a few hours, then prepare to become completely captivated by the sexy Nox and smart, beautiful Alex. Her family drama back home in Savannah, Georgia was a little over-the-top for me but does serve to show how far she has come to break away from her controlling family.   This book really brings the story together at the end and it definitely ends on a cliffhanger! I can't wait to see what happens next for Alex and Nox!!"
443	adjudicated	good	"4.5 scorching stars!!   As someone who reads a LOT of m/m books, I went into TAKE with some reluctance. I generally prefer male authors of m/m stories and I prefer the books to be graphic. I have read Ella Frank's books and she is a gifted and talented writer but I wasn't sure where she'd go with this genre. Well, she totally took me by surprise with Tate and Logan! I LOVED their story and highly recommend this series to anyone who appreciates lots of steam, an emotional story, and well-written, engaging characters. The story is wonderful and my heart broke a little for Tate as he struggled with coming out to his family..   I absolutely loved Logan's confident, take-charge personality. He is very comfortable in his own skin. And the chemistry between these two is unmistakable. I recommend reading Try first - you can read Take as a standalone but the characters and story are more meaningful if you ""begin at the beginning"". I did find the main characters to be just a little chatty at some points, but Ms. Frank more than makes up for that with absolutely off-the-charts sex scenes that are incredibly erotic. This demanding m/m reader was more than satisfied. Have a cold shower ready, you will need it after reading Tate and Logan's story!   *ARC provided by the author for an honest review.*   ."
98	adjudicated	good	"4.5 Captivating Stars!!!   ""When truth is replaced by silence, the silence is a lie.""   -- Yevgeny Yevtushenko   'The Child's is a haunting and emotional character-driven suspense novel that also explores our modern-day obsession with 24/7 news.   Angela's newborn baby was kidnapped from her hospital room several decades earlier. The baby was never found. Angela and her husband Nick carried on after their devastating loss but Angela never fully recovered. When the bones of an infant are found at a construction site, she is sure the body is that of her long-gone Baby Alice.   Kate is a brilliant newspaper journalist who uncovers news stories the old-fashioned way: through leg work and research and determination. She was also featured in the author's previous book 'The Widow' which I am now going to read! I loved Kate's style. While this book started off just a tiny bit slow, it picked up the pace in the middle and thundered toward an unbelievably shocking conclusion.   ""I've always thought that's a funny saying. Let sleeping dogs lie. Because sleeping dogs always wake up eventually, don't they?""   Emma is married to a university professor many years her senior. She is devastated by the news of the ""Building Site Baby' but why? She has no apparent ties to Angela's family. Emma has had a difficult relationship with her mother Jude but it seems the two are trying to make peace with each other now that Emma is grown and married. But Emma has secrets of her own that will devastate everyone close to her when they are revealed.   The multiple points of view are executed brilliantly. Each narrator has their own unique voice and are each vital to the story.   'The Child' is an imaginative and surprising thriller. While the writing is filled with British slang and customs, that only added to my enjoyment of the story.   There are many twists and turns to this book and the ending was far more touching than I expected from what I though would be a suspense novel. The conclusion was enormously satisfying! Highly recommend this book for all thriller fans as well as anyone who loves a great story.   ""People say what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. They say that when you been through something terrible ... But it doesn't. It breaks your bones, leaving everything splintered and held together with grubby bandages and yellowing sticky tape. Creaking along the fault lines, Fragile and exhausting to hold together. Sometimes you wish it had killed you.""   (With thanks to the publisher for a review copy.)"
408	adjudicated	average	4.5 stars!!!   What an addictive and enjoyable story! Nicola Haken is a new author for me and I will definitely read more of her books. Being Sawyer Knight is not only an incredibly hot and sexy story, it is also filled with plenty of tender and emotional moments and a beautiful message about learning to love and accept yourself.   Sawyer Knight is a world-famous musician who longs for people to see the real him and not just his rock-star stage persona. He has very little to do with his mother, and had an abusive stepfather who was only interested in Sawyer's fame as a musician. He hasn't spoken to his best friend Jake since they were teenagers, when Sawyer could not deal with Jake making his true feelings known for Sawyer.   Jake has followed Sawyer's career and is the only person who has ever really known the real Sawyer. He comes back into Sawyer's life as his bodyguard and is still very much in love with Sawyer. Now he just has to convince Sawyer that they belong together. The chemistry between these two is literally explosive and burns up the pages! I absolutely fell in love with Jake and his bossy, dominating ways. He cannot stay away from Sawyer, but will Sawyer admit his true feelings for Jake?   This book is told in dual POV's which I thought worked great. There is a side plot involving death threats to the band but to me, it is the scorching hot sex scenes between Jake and Sawyer that made this book come alive. Nicola Haken is an incredibly talented writer and I devoured this book almost in one sitting. There is also a beautiful love story at the heart of this book and I was sad to see Jake and Sawyer's story end! I can't wait to read Ryder's story, which is coming up next.   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
123	adjudicated	good	"4.5 Stars   ""If you can't trust yourself, who can you trust?""   OMG!! Intelligent and thrilling page-turner that I read in almost one sitting! The rather abrupt ending was a little unsatisfying BUT the clever story kept me guessing.   I think most people do something or fail to take action that may cause some guilt. Well this story begins with Cass taking a shortcut late at night and failing to stop and help a woman who is stopped on the side of the road.   The motorist ends up dead. Cass feels guilty, but just as significant are the little things she begins to forget...how to run the washing machine, making dinner plans with friends, and even rather significant purchases. Her mother suffered from early-onset Alzheimer's. What is happening to Cass?   Cass's mental well-being soon spirals out of control and she fears she will suffer the same fate as her mother.   I literally could not put this book down! I FELT Cass's hysteria and fear. The last part of the book was thrilling and surprising and gave me everything I love about thrillers. I highly recommend this one for all fans of this genre and even if you want to step outside your usual genre. Cass was a memorable heroine and I was cheering for her all throughout the book. This is my first book by B.A. Paris and she has now become one of my faves!!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
184	adjudicated	good	"4.5 - 5 STARS   ""How long does it take to fall in love? A second? A week? A year? It's like asking how long it takes to fall asleep. Some people are gone as soon as their head hits the pillow. Others lie awake for hours, and it's only when their brain stops churning for a while that sleep sneaks in and drags them under. That's how I visualize people falling in love. Some people fall so easily, they seem reckless. They love freely and unashamed. Those people are idiots. Or at least I used to think so. Until now.""   GAH!!! MY HEART!! Wicked Heart is the story of Elissa (who is Ethan's sister from Bad Romeo & Broken Juliet). One night, she happens to run into Liam Quinn, and he steals her heart. But fate has other plans for these two, and sadly, Elissa finds herself without Liam, and clueless as to why he disappeared from her life. Flash-forward years later and Elissa and Liam are working on the same stage production. Excerpt now, Liam is a superstar and has an equally famous fiance.   Elissa is a professional and as stage manager, she is not allowed to become involved with any to the actors on the production. Liam broke her heart years before and she is trying her best not to let his new relationship crush her again. Liam still cares about her but being ""just friends"" with him might be too painful for her already fragile heart.   ""Friends"" is one of those terms that seems benign but has a whole host of barbed-wire boundaries. Once you've made love to someone with so much passion that his name is branded on all your cells, is it possible to ever think of him as just a friend? Or is the heat of on old flame always going to lie dormant, just waiting to consume you again?""   But just you don't think this book is all angst, Leisa Rayven writes incredibly witty and funny dialogue to lighten up the mood. I found myself swooning, laughing AND crying while reading Wicked Heart!!   A shudder of pleasure runs up my spine. ""Oh, I wouldn't dream of destroying such perfection. Are those hospital corners?"" ""If you find that sexy, then yes."" I let out a soft groan. ""Such a turn-on."" He chuckles, thinking I'm teasing, but I'm really not. I'm a self-confessed neat freak, and knowing he keeps a tidy house makes me all kinds of hot. ""Well, if you're finished eye-fucking my bed,"" he says, ""I have something else to show you."" ""If it's a recently cleaned bathroom, I don't think my body's ready.""   This book is filled with sexual tension, heat, humor and heartache. The author's writing is so beautiful that I was swept away while reading this book. While I recommend reading the fantastic Bad Romeo and Broken Juliet before reading Wicked Heart, it is not necessary in order to enjoy this story. Oh and did I mention that I LOVE Liam? Favorite quote:   ""Stay the night,"" he says quietly. ""I want to see how many more times I can make you scream before morning.""   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
203	adjudicated	good	4.5 - 5 MISSION-ACCOMPLISHED STARS!!   WOW!!! As a jaded romance reader, I am rarely taken by surprise by books that I read. Well, FLY WITH ME took me by surprise from the first page! This sexxxxy and emotional story grabbed my heart and didn't let go. Handsome fighter pilot? Check. Smart, curvy, sweet heroine? Check. Two older characters who have dated a lot and know what they want and go after it? CHECK!!!   This is the first book in the new Wild Aces series and follows a group of fighter pilots. I fell in love with Noah and his passion for flying and his devotion to his country. These men put their duties first and it isn't easy to have a family with their schedules. Noah has never been tied down before until he meets Jordan in Las Vegas art her sister's bachelorette party. She is just looking for a night of fun from her quiet life as a store owner back in Florida.   How often could you say that you could pinpoint the exact moment when your life changed?   What makes this book different is the vivid portrayal of both Noah and Jordan's points of view. Noah is mouth-wateringly gorgeous, Alpha, smart and he wants Jordan. Jordan is smart, funny, and open, and Noah finds himself instantly attracted.   But what happens after a torrid night in Vegas? Will Noah go back to his base in Oklahoma and Jordan home to Florida? I absolutely loved how these two struggled to figure out how to make their blossoming relationship work. There is something about an older hero and heroine that really gets to me. I appreciate their honesty and their passion. I read this book in one sitting and wanted more. I laughed, I cried, I was turned on...this book has it all. I am so glad I took a chance on a new-to-me-author. FLY WITH ME is a winner and I can't recommend this book highly enough!!   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)
247	adjudicated	good	"4.5 Sexy, Gritty Stars!!   Karina Halle never ceases to amaze with her writing! She can take a reader from swoony, sexy contemporary romance, to stories like Dirty Promises, a brutal, rough, gritty and violent story that is incredibly gripping, sexy and readable.   Javier Bernal is a cruel man. Yet I still felt sympathy for him (it's true!) because if you have taken the journey with this character, you will know he is the product of his history and background. But make no mistake, this book is violent and is set in the world of drug cartels. If you are looking for a different read, with fantastic writing, then I highly recommend this series.   Javier and Luisa have a marriage that is on the brink of falling apart. Their story here is an incredibly wild ride and is most definitely NOT for the faint of heart. But if you are willing to take a risk with your reading, then you will be immensely rewarded. I did not know what to expect with DIRTY PROMISES because I knew this would be a gritty story, maybe even more so than the other books in this series. Karina Halle really delivers the goods with this book and if you are a fan of dark, action-packed stories with a very damaged ""hero"", then please read this series. The books and the characters are unforgettable!!   (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
306	adjudicated	good	"4.5 - 5 stars!!   I absolutely loved this passionate and moody story and I need closure on Kes and Aimee's story, like, yesterday! I can't stop thinking about these characters. This is one of those very broody, very memorable stories that really gets under your skin. The first half of this book completely swept me away and immersed me into the small-town, Midwestern setting. Kestrel and Aimee had a simmering, sizzling attraction that grew from their close friendship as children. Kes, a bruised and battered soul, found something in Aimee that he could cling to and that would give him a glimmer of hope in his stolen youth.   Kes was put to work in a traveling carnival at a young age, and while Aimee sees the carnival as a magical, almost mystical lifestyle, Kes sees the much harsher side of ""carnie"" life. His carnival returns to her small town each summer for 2 weeks, and their unlikely friendship blossoms over the years into a sexy, heated, full-blown relationship.   ""Fate was against us. Screw that! Kes was moody and difficult, brilliant and beautiful. He scared me and protected me.""   Years pass, and finally Kes and Aimee might have the chance as adults to explore their searing and unbreakable bond. Kes has becom a star within the fair circuit, with women throwing themselves at him, as they did when he was younger. Aimee is a schoolteacher, living a safe and plain existence in a town in New England. What will happen when they are reunited?   ""He was everything i wasn't, but somehow, together, there was a synergy, an alignment, something that just made sense.""   The first half of this book literlly blew me away! I could not put it down. The tone changed slightly in the second half but yet I am still 100% invested in this story and I cannot wait to see what the author has in store for these characters in the next book! Please note that this is book #1 in a series with somewhat of a sudden ending but I highly recommend it. Prepare to fall in love with Kes!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
299	adjudicated	good	"Misconduct is one of my favorite books of the year!! Sexy, engaging, intelligent and inventive, Misconduct is why I read contemporary romance. There are very few books I would read twice and Misconduct is one of them.   I want to thank Ms. Douglas for writing an exciting, very adult contemporary romance that hits all the high notes. Misconduct was a pure pleasure to read, from the well-drawn characters, to the New Orleans setting, to the damaged family relationships that were the center of this book. This book is one of my top favorites of the year, and I cannot recommend it highly enough.   If you like to get lost in a book, then Misconduct is for you. The sexy, sultry New Orleans setting; the smart, successful, handsome, yet damaged hero; the beautiful but skittish heroine, all of these add up to an unputdownable story. This book is very different from the Fall Away series except for the unparalleled writing. This story is for adults, it is erotic, sexy, poignant, exciting and thrilling. What more could you ask for in a book?   Tyler and Easton are two of the standout main characters that I have read this year. And I have read a LOT. I read an early paperback copy so I dog-eared almost every single page of my copy!! Here's a peek:   ""I should go home.   But he kept wanting me.   He kept tapping at my shell like I was an egg he needed to crack. And while I constantly felt like goo that would spill everywhere if not protected by my hard outer armor, he made me feel like I didn't need it.""   Exceptional writing; an exciting, fast-paced story; all the right emotions ... this book has it all. And THE most important factor for me when reading is a connection to the main characters. I felt a deep connection not only with Tyler and Easton, but felt THEIR connection and their love.   Put Misconduct on your must-read list. It is an outstanding story!   (With many thanks to the publisher for an ARC of Misconduct in return for an honest review.)"
352	adjudicated	average	"Debt is one of the darkest, most erotic books I have ever read. This story is not for the faint of heart so heed the warnings, but if you are ready for a stunning, thrilling, twisted and emotional story, then Debt is for you.   A suspenseful and revenge-filled tale, Debt had me on the edge of my seat from the first page. I highlighted so much of this book that I could fill this review with amazing passages but read it for yourself and experience this fantastic and sexy story. I have never read a book by Nina Jones and she absolutely blew me away by this story.   ""This man is my stalker, my terrorizer, my lover.""   Told in flashbacks and in alternating POV's, Debt is a story about Tax Draconi, who has come to settle an old debt from Mia Tibbett. He at first appears to be filled with hate, revenge and basically, with pure evil. His actions throughout much of the book are absolutely unforgivable. But the author is an absolute genius at making me actually love Tax and empathize with him. The scenes with Mia are beyond explicit. Tax brings new meaning to the phrase ""dirty talker"".   ""It's what I do when it comes to women. I can't give them affection, or love, or intimacy. That all died in me long ago. So I give what I can: Relief. Pleasure. Abandon.""   The focus of his plan is Mia, who remains mostly clueless about why Tax hates her so much, but still finds herself powerless under his erotic spell. He owns her, body and soul. She realizes that he has ruined her for other men and despite his evil ways, she still feels compelled to try to break through his wicked exterior.   ""Is it possible Tax could be everything I need in a man? He has the fire that burns me and awakens me. That was the thing I had been looking for, and it is so uniquely hard to find.""   The trauma that Tax and his twin sister Jude suffered at a young age is hinted at throughout the story and when finally revealed, sheds light on his behavior and Jude's thirst for revenge against Mia as well. This book might shock you but the story flows and the characters are unforgettable. I found a few minor inconsistencies with the story which in no way took away from my enjoyment of this dark, sexy. erotic, dark and fantastic story. I was distraught that Debt ended and I am waiting not-so-patiently for more from Ms. Nina G. Jones!   (*ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)"
387	adjudicated	good	My Hunger is book number 3.2 in the INSIDE OUT Series by Lisa Renee Jones. (This is a novella that should be read as part of the fantastic Inside Out series and is not a stand alone.) We absolutely LOVE this incredibly original series and it remains one of our favorite series - it's original, thrilling, sexy and very addictive. A must-read. As for My Hunger, we see Mark dealing with the traumatic events surrounding Rebecca's disappearance as well as his mother's illness. He is still deeply affected by Rebecca but is now drawn to Crystal Smith, one of his top employees.   I have always loved Mark and his controlling ways. He is attempting to become Master to Crystal but she is very different from his other submissives. Will he be able to fight their overwhelming attraction?   I loved their banter and sexual tension and Lisa Renee Jones is such a talented writer that she only makes me want more from Mark's POV. He is one of my favorite characters from the series. This is a fairly quick, very sexy read, and I highly recommend it. Enjoy!   * ARC provided by the author for an honest review *
396	adjudicated	average	"4.5 stars!! ""Come in. Sit anywhere but on the bed. Don't look cute, don't get undressed, and don't touch my underwear.""   I really loved the latest book in the Wild Seasons series! It is very, very funny, had really hot scenes and a wonderful storyline. Harlow is a funny, smart-ass, modern and smart heroine. Finn is another nuanced, sexy and loving leading man created by this fabulous writing duo. This is not a cliched contemporary romance story but instead has some very serious themes woven into the story.   Harlow and Finn have lots of miscommunications throughout the story but their scenes together are fantastic and their chemistry feels real and genuine and never forced. I truly thought that the authors could not top the first book in this series but Harlow and Finn are every bit as addictive as the characters from Sweet Filthy Boy.   These two are at opposite ends of the spectrum personality-wise but their banter and sexy times are hilarious and very, very hot. Don't miss this book. It is a wonderful, passionate and very funny read with lots and lots of heart. Can't wait for the next book in this series, Dark Wild Night, which will give us Lola and Oliver's story and is scheduled for release in 2015!   (Thanks to the publisher for an ARC in return for an honest review.)"
285	adjudicated	average	3.5-4 stars, interesting idea that had some exciting moments but overall I had a few issues that interfered with my enjoyment of the story. I did like the main characters and the New York setting. The writing is very good but I felt the story completely sugar-coated the jail setting; this is a fairy-tale, romanticized view of prison life. I also felt the ending was unrealistic with respect to Carter dealing with a corporate matter (I don't want to give away any spoilers here.) Most readers would not be bothered by that turn of events but I had a tough time with it. I did really appreciate the development of the characters and the overall story idea. I had high hopes for this book and for that reason I will definitely give the author's next books a try.
126	adjudicated	good	"CD Reiss is one of my favorite romance authors. Her writing is mature, sexy, nuanced and never fails to grab me. And I do love books about marriage. Separation Games was a perfect conclusion to the first book in this series. Marriage Games ended with an unusual twist and I absolutely loved how the author worked things out between Adam and Diana. I feel both of their pain, confusion and longing.   And Adam, OMG! He was one of the author's most memorable heroes. Wow. Both Diana and Adam are mature, smart and very driven. This book is off-the-charts sexy and is the perfect read for fans of mature contemporary romance with an erotic twist.   ""Beg to come.""   ""Please.""   ""Beg harder.""   Adam and Diana do not have a easy path but when they do finally resolve their issues, it is explosive. I have never read a book by CD Reiss that I didn't love, and this duet is no exception. The supporting characters are all very well-written and the New York City setting adds another exciting layer to the story. The Epilogue is fantastic! I was actually sorry to see this story end. Highly recommend this steamy, emotional and very mature erotic romance.   ""Your problem isn't that you don't love. Your problem is you love so much it scares you.""   (ARC provided in return for an honest review.)"
303	adjudicated	good	"4.5 sexy-Alpha stars!!   Harper Sloan keeps getting better and better! I loved this book! The author has created more characters to fall in love with. Cohen and Dani are absolutely irresistible and their story was steamy, emotional, passionate and beautiful. This story has the perfect blend of sexy, heart-warming, funny and tension. I read this book in one sitting and really feel that it is one of Harper's best books.   Dani is a sweet girl and knows from an early age that Cohen is her man. The problem is her overprotective Alpha father kept her almost locked away and she never thought that Cohen saw her as anything but the best friend's little sister. I loved that she really was honest with Cohen, she didn't try and hide her feelings. That was a refreshing twist for me.   Cohen is another gorgeous, sexy Alpha as only Harper Sloan can create. He is brave, loving and will do anything to protect his girl. He never forgot Dani or gave up on them, even when he was in the middle of combat.   ""Right in the middle of that Hell-on-earth chaos, I would hear her words trail through my thoughts right when I needed an extra push of strength or, God forbid, hope. I think that was the moment that I realized the enormity of it and that confession whispered all those years ago. Right or wrong, whatever it is between us would always be bigger than I understand. It's something that was so unexpected-- that feeling, craving, desire, to make her mine. It's something I've almost felt guilty about over the years.""   Unexpected Fate is a thrilling, totally sexy story filled with family, love and emotion. I highly recommend it for all fans of Harper Sloan and for anyone who loves a fast-paced, steamy story. This story has a fabulous and satisfying ending and I can't wait for more books in this series!   (ARC received from the the author in return for an honest review)"
224	adjudicated	excellent	"For good or bad, all roads led back to him. Perhaps that's what it meant to really be his.   I could not. Put. This. Book. Down. Simply out, this book grabbed me from the beginning and I haven't been able to stop thinking about Emily and Reeve since I finished. FIRST TOUCH is without a doubt one of my favorite books of the year. It is stunning and a true page-turner!   The plot, the pacing, the hotter-than-hot sex scenes, the emotion, the characters...all pure perfection. I love Laurelin Paige's writing but with FIRST TOUCH, she has written the best book of her career. Run, don't walk, to buy this book!   I absolutely love a damaged heroine when written well. Emily is an incredibly real, thoughtful, smart and beautiful woman, who lived a very fast and dangerous lifestyle when she was young. Her ""partner in crime"" was her best friend Amber, with whom she lost touch but who has now reached out to Emily. Amber represents a part of Emily's past that she'd like to put behind her, but Emily is forced into using her beauty and charm once again in order to seduce the man she believes might hold the clues to Amber's whereabouts.   ""Men were my drug. Staying away from them had been the only way I knew to stay clean. The only way to reinvent myself.""   Amber has disappeared, is somehow in danger and Emily feels she owes it to Amber to help her. Amber did the same for Emily many times when they were younger, and Emily senses that Amber needs her now. To that end, Emily sets her sights on wealthy hotelier Reeve, who might be the only link she has to Amber. Reeve, it seems, is only interested in a purely sexual arrangement with the alluring Emily. But Emily can't help but fall for the hot, yet emotionally reserved playboy.   ""His grip was strong and sure and aggressive. Almost too tight, but just barely not. He held it without saying anything for several seconds, and, I don't know how-- somehow, though-- I knew he was making his own allusion. His own promise. He wanted me to know what he'd be like. In bed. With me. He'd be powerful and controlling and forceful, even. Almost too forceful, but just barely not. Was that how he'd been with her? Did almost become too much?""   This book is part erotic romance, part thriller, part romantic suspense...FIRST TOUCH has it all. There are some VERY graphic sex scenes in this book and the steam factor is off the charts!! But there is much more to this story than just the erotic elements. My heart absolutely ached for the suffering Emily had endured; and I was literally holding my breath in anticipation throughout the story, hoping against hope that she and Reeve would develop real feelings for each other, beyond their agreed-upon sexual arrangement. Emily's pretend seduction of Reeve quickly turns into something more and she knows that Reeve represents the possibility of a real connection, real feelings, but he is hiding many secrets of his own.   ""Because the only thing worse than falling under Reeve's spell would be me believing that he'd fallen under mine as well.""   There is a large cast of characters in FIRST TOUCH - some might be dangerous, some might not be, and some might know what happened to Amber. One thing is for sure, nothing is as it seems in FIRST TOUCH. And that is what makes this such an outstanding story.   Favorite quote:   ""This is only today. Tomorrow's going to be something else entirely.""   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
419	adjudicated	average	Fantastic story for fans of dark romance!!   Torrent took me by surprise and didn't let go of my heart until the last word. I need Book #2! Rafe is one of the most dangerous but most sympathetic characters I've come across in a long time. I can absolutely see why Alex has been in love with him since she was a young girl. She has lived a very rough life, perfect from the outside but tortured behind closed doors. She has had to endure unimaginable abuse, both emotional and physical.   Heed the warnings on this book, the story is a rough one, but it is incredibly well-written, totally sexy and has a fantastic, creative plot. I loved the dual POV's which were a great way to garner sympathy for even an unsympathetic character. This is a story of obsession, lust, love and revenge, and I loved every word. Gemma James has now become a 1-click author for me. She has created a world that I did not want to leave once I finished Torrent, and isn't that the best form of escapism?   The ending will leave you reeling and dying for the next book in this series. Not sure I can wait until release and I have already ordered the next book! I am not giving anything away as far as the plot goes because Torrent should be enjoyed without knowing any plot spoilers. Grab this one if you are a fan of dark, sexy reads with a strong Alpha male, you will not be disappointed.   *ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.*
220	adjudicated	poor	So I really don't think you can go wrong with an Alexa Riley book. Thief was over-the-top steamy and sweet, and had lots of action, too! This is a wonderful escapist bit of erotica when you want a hot Alpha and a guaranteed HEA.
130	adjudicated	average	This story had so much promise! And I love Whitney G.'s writing style; in fact, Turbulence was one of my favorite books this year. This was a cute, fast read BUT several typos later and a heroine who sends sexually explicit emails from her work account and I'm out. Moving on with high hopes for this author's next book. Call me an eternal optimist.
421	adjudicated	average	Tessa Bailey is known for writing the dirtiest-talking Alphas around. This book was released under Entangled Embrace, so it's not quite as dirty but I absolutely loved it! This is Willa and Shane's story. Willa first appeared in 'Protecting What's His', from the author's Line of Duty series, and I have been looking forward to her story ever since we met Ginger's younger sister.   Willa has won a photography contest and the prize is a trip to Ireland. She has broken up with her boyfriend and is tortured over whether she did the right thing. She is met at the airport by her ride to the bed-and-breakfast, none other than the handsome, sexy and apparently very angry Shane. He is none to happy to be burdened with fetching Willa from the airport and they immediately argue. She stands up to him, which most people do not do, and fireworks ensue.   Unfixable is a sexy, layered and nuanced story that captured my attention from the beginning to end. Tortured, sexy Irishman with a soft heart? Check. Beautifully described Irish locales? Check. Troubled, insecure and beautiful heroine? Check! Add some really hot and sexy times and you have a perfect romance novel.   The characters are all incredibly well-written, Shane and Willa both have issues that they must come to terms with, and above it all, this book has real heart. I absolutely love Tessa Bailey's books and will read anything this woman writes. If you want a perfect escapist story, then Unfixable is the book for you.
290	adjudicated	good	"WOW!! I don't even know where to begin with this book. Lilah Pace has written an absolutely perfect story, filled with erotic moments, thrills, emotion and a gripping plot. Each and every character is perfectly drawn, richly detailed and essential to the story. I can't say enough about this book and the author stalking has already begun. Who is this Lilah Pace and why has she enthralled me so?   Vivienne is an art student at the University of Texas - Austin who has rape fantasies but they are rooted in a traumatic past event, and the many sessions with her therapist bring the story to light and perfectly frame the rest of the book. While some readers might be turned off by this story, I found it to be sexy, dramatic and addictive. She meets Dr. Jonah Marks, a gorgeous, brilliant and enigmatic professor in another department at UT, and through a series of very thrilling events, they begin a series of encounters. Certainly ""relationship"" might be too strong a word for what they do. But I can guarantee that you have never read scenes as hot as the scenes between Jonah and Vivi.   ""How did this man with the power to terrify me also become the one person who truly makes me feel safe?""   They do reach a certain level of intimacy which is very beautiful and poignant all at once. Both Jonah and Vivi are richly written characters, very damaged for sure. There is nothing superficial about anything in this book and I was also absolutely entranced by the detail with which the author described the various settings in the book. From Austin to New Orleans, there is a level and richness of detail here that is greatly appreciated by this reader.   ""Jonah doesn't know me well enough to know that I'm always ready to protect myself. My guard is always up. Still, I like that he always considers my safety even in the maddened heat of our mutual fever.""   I highlighted a zillion passages in this book and I can't possibly include them all here. Asking for It blew me away and is without a doubt one of my top reads of the year. Run, don't walk, to read this book. Don't let the blurb scare you away, there is so much more to this book and I need the next book NOW!!! Congratulations, Lilah Pace, on a magnificent story."
445	adjudicated	average	Devil's Game is thrilling, sexy and funny, and I absolutely devoured every yummy word. Oh, and I love Joanna's kick-ass heroine, Em! This is Book Three in the Reaper's MC Series, and has little bit different feel than the other books in the series. Devil's Game is about family, loyalty and yes, love, with all of the delicious sexy times that I love from Joanna's books.   I fell in love with these characters and highly recommend Devil's Game!
377	adjudicated	good	"5 thrilling stars!!!   Gritty. Raw. Suspenseful. SEXY. Come take a wild ride through the author's City of Angels, and enjoy every second of the hot and thrilling rollercoaster ride. Antonio and Theresa got under my skin and I can't wait for even more of their story.   Ruin begins shortly after Spin ended. Theresa has become incredibly determined and strong and will do anything, ANYTHING, to protect and stay with Antonio. But he is lethal, dangerous and also determined to keep Theresa out of harm's way. Not an easy feat when the mafia is out ot get you and no one is to be trusted.   Theresa is still close to her family and Antonio ""Spin"" is acutely aware of that. But he will do whatever it takes to keep her safe, even when the things quite literally start to spin out of control. He tries to keep her isolated but she will have none of that and his carefully-crafted plans begin to quickly unravel and escalate to an incredibly satisfying conclusion.   This is an action-packed, super-hot and sexy story. The writing is gorgeous and spare. There are no flowery words, no gushing declarations in the world of Antonio Spinelli. But surprisingly, there is humor, which provides a welcome relief from the near-constant state of tension and almost primal sexual urges. Spin loves Theresa in his own way, and they are both completely obsessed with each other and cannot stay apart.   ""You're from a different world , but you smell like home to me. I haven't been to Napoli in ten years, but whenever you're near me, I smell olive flowers. My heart gets sick with thirst, and the water is poison.""   I can't stop thinking about Spin and Theresa. C.D. Reiss has become one of my favorite writers and I absolutely cannot wait for the next installment in this series.   (*ARC reviewed from NetGalley.)"
292	adjudicated	good	"4.5 Stars!! John Logan. *sigh* Absolutely adored this book!!   The Deal was a total surprise for me and was one of my favorite books of 2015 so far. It was fresh, sexy, smart and funny and I was soooo excited when I heard Elle Kennedy was writing a story about John Logan! I have been immersed in college romances lately, and The Mistake is now another one of my favorites in this genre.   Sure, not every college or college experience is like the setting of this story, but I adored the characters and their friends (well, excerpt for one) and their struggles to find themselves in what to me is also a great coming of age story.   John Logan is absolutely Book Boyfriend material! Swoon!! I fell in love with him as he tried to win Grace over. Ms. Kennedy's writing style is sexy, fast-paced, heartwarming and very funny, and this book was like unwrapping a delicious treat. I loved reading about the characters' backstories and loved the fabulous ending to this book.   The Mistake was a flirty, steamy and fast read and I am now an even bigger fan of Elle Kennedy's writing. I loved this book and I think everyone at some point in their life has experienced some if not all of the emotions that these characters experienced. The Mistake is another winner from Elle Kennedy!   Favorite quote (and I had many!!):   ""We're the Lorris crime syndicate.""   I'm dumbfounded.   Oh my God.   Lorris? As in Logan and Morris? They fucking Brangelina'd themselves?   (ARC provided by the author with thanks.)"
356	adjudicated	good	"3 1/2 stars!!   Dark. Dark. Dark. Those were my first thoughts upon finishing Raze. I love a good dark and gritty romance and Raze fits the bill. This book is filled with intense drama and brutal scenes of torture so be warned. I have a very strong threshold for dark reads, but there was an extra element that didn't quite sit well with me. That being said, this book has an incredibly creative storyline and some hot, steamy, passionate and over-the-top sex scenes that are alone worth reading the book for.   This story is told in flashbacks. Raze was brutally ripped from his home as a teenager and subjected to all kinds of physical and mental abuse at the hands of an underground fighting ring. He loses his memories of his family and his childhood and literally turns into a fighting machine, bent on revenge against the monster who put him away. These scenes in the underground are difficult, tough and gritty.   Raze has the vaguest memories of a girl who is Kisa, the daughter of a New York Russsian mobster. She, too, is condemned to a live of confinement as the fiancee of Alik, a sadisitic, brutal and controlling fighter. The stage is set for her past and her present to collide. Will she able to save Raze from almost-certain death? Will Raze ever remember Kisa, the only girl he ever loved?   ""I've seen too many bad things with these eyes. This, I will feel in my heart.""   There are scenes of incredible beauty in this book along with scenes so brutal they are difficult to get through. But all in all, this story kept me turning the pages to see where these characters' journeys would take them. I was cheering for Kisa to stand up to Alik and rooting for Raze to be able to find the peace he so desperately needed. If you like gritty fighter stories, then Raze is the book for you!"
295	adjudicated	good	"4.5 Stars!!   Ella Frank has written another sexy, gripping and character-driven book with TRUST! Are you new to the M/M genre? Then I highly recommend this series because the story is really about two people loving each other and fighting the same battles with family, work and external forces as everyone else. Oh, and there's some super-steamy sexy times to thrill you as well!!   Logan and Tate have both changed and grown in this fantastic series.   ""His motto of ""try, take, and top"" had changed. Oh, he'd tried Tate all right, and they'd both done a helluva lot of taking, but for once in his life, Logan didn't feel the desire to win. He didn't need to come out on top. What he wanted was Tate's trust--his absolute trust.""   Logan and Tate have made great strides in their relationship but Tate is still holding back. He and Logan are in love, yes, but is that always enough to sustain a long, happy and healthy relationship? Ella Tate's wonderful writing style kept the story flowing until the end, and there are some dramatic surprises in store for our gorgeous heroes which kept my heart racing until the very end!   Once the calm after the storm had settled, Logan moved up his body, and Tate wrapped his arms around him. As they both lay there, in the silence of the room, neither one of them said a word-- because, really, there was nothing to add to such perfection.   I highly recommend this series to all fans of contemporary romance. The story is enthralling and the characters memorable. And I absolutely adored the wonderful and satisfying ending for the sexy Logan and Tate.   ""No,"" Logan finally said, and Tate felt his heart sink. ""I'll never see you that way again. Because before this, I didn't know you were essential for me to feel alive."""
397	adjudicated	poor	Deviant, dark and delicious!! I need more Fiona and Deacon as soon as possible. Full review to follow.
341	adjudicated	average	"4.5 - 5 hot and wild stars!!   How I love the writing duo of K.A. Merikan. I will read anything that these two write. And Tooth, OMG, I know he's gay, but I think he might be my new book boyfriend!! He's bearded, huge, tough and unexpectedly tender with Lucifer. But don't even ask where he got the nickname of Tooth!   Although this is the second book in a series, the books can be read as standalones. In The Devil's Ride, Tooth is ordered to protect the Club President's son and at first, it is a painful, unwanted chore. Luci is a brat and very out of the closet, very different than Tooth. But he is crazy about Tooth, even if a little scared of him, and even acts out so that Tooth will ""punish"" him. Although I absolutely adored the smexy times between these two, and they are SCORCHING HOT, I also loved the gritty and very violent look inside MC life. This is not a sugar-coated story at all. I loved the underlying story about a crime the MC is trying to solve. (Not for the faint of heart!)   I absolutely adored the slow-burn of Tooth and Luci's relationship. It made their love scenes together all the sweeter. And did I mention that K.A. Merikan can write some of the most erotic sex scenes out there? You will need a cold shower after reading The Devil's Ride!! I couldn't put this book down and I literally can't wait for the next book in this series.   (*ARC provided by the authors in return for an honest review.)"
113	adjudicated	good	"How did it come to this? How did we get here? How will it end?   What a perfect book to read during eclipse week 2017!! This taut and fast-paced thriller kept me on my toes until the very end. And what an ending! Kit and Laura are a young married couple who chase eclipses all over the world. It is an exciting, exotic lifestyle, hypnotic and mysterious all at once.   ""Then the darkness comes. Without the countdown in the sky, it's pure and instant. All the street lights in the town below come on, so quickly it's like sparks igniting. Now, in the darkness, disappointment is replaced by the familiar thrill of totality. But this time it's different.""   The book begins in 2015 with Laura's point of view. She lives in London but she and her husband live anonymously. Why? The answer to that question unfolds slowly over the course of the book. We learn that Laura and Kit witnessed an violent assault during an eclipse festival years earlier and were witnesses for the prosecution during the trial of the attacker, Jamie. The trial was emotionally draining and physically exhausting for everyone and is described in minute detail.   The brutal assault is also described in vivid detail so I was curious as to how any doubt could arise about Jamie's guilt or innocence. Just remember: there are many sides to each story.   ""The moment you think about an act in terms of how, you are already halfway to doing it.""   We learn that Laura is now pregnant with twins but wants Kit to ""chase"" an upcoming eclipse while she stays behind in London, even though she is extremely paranoid about his travels. He has been an eclipse chaser since he was young and they both want to continue their adventures after their children are born.   They live in fear that Beth, the young woman who had been raped years before, will find them again. She had befriended them after the trial of her attacker, but then became wildly unstable. Laura and Kit became convinced they had to disappear ""off the grid"" so that she would never find them again.   This book was incredibly gripping and thought-provoking. It is told over the course of many years and features vivid characters and brilliantly-researched settings. The author forces the reader to confront their own morals and ask: What would you do in the same situation?   ""Until that day I'd been thinking about the campaign in binary terms: either Jamie was in denial, or he was calling the world's bluff. But now a third possibility was inescapable, and one in which I was horrifically culpable. What if Jamie was innocent?""   This book was addictive and wildly surprising. The references to eclipses are fascinating and the format of the book is divided into the parts of an eclipse. With my husband and daughter away ""eclipse chasing"" while I was reading this book, the subject matter was even more compelling! With themes of loyalty, guilt and devotion, this book really did it for me. I highly recommend this creative and thrilling story!"
180	adjudicated	good	"I am finishing up dinner with my family and my fiance when my husband calls.   What an opening line!! What would you do if the person you loved and thought was gone, suddenly re-appeared in your life, after you had moved on? This is the center of Taylor Jenkins Reid's fantastic new novel, ONE TRUE LOVES. From this powerful beginning, this story follows Emma as she must reconcile finding her long-lost first love with her new life and her new fiance, Sam.   Emma and Jesse had been crazy in love and absolutely devoted to each other. They met as teenagers and ended up married and moving away from their small New England town to California. A tragic accident takes Jesse away, and after an agonizing period of mourning, Emma finds herself opening up to the possiblity of loving another man again.   I think that perhaps everyone has a moment that splits their life in two. When you look back on your own timeline, there's a sharp spike somewhere along the way, some event that changed you, changed your life, more than the others. A moment that creates a ""before"" and an ""after.""   Told from Emma's POV, this book tells the story of how Emma and Jesse first fell in love. The author does an amazing job of creating very memorable characters who seemed very real. I felt like I knew Emma, Jesse and Sam and their friends and families. It is very important for me to feel connected to the main characters and I absolutely connected with all of the characters in this book. I loved how Emma grew and matured throughout this book and how her relationships with those around her changed and evolved as well.   Good things don't wait until you're ready. Sometimes they come right before, when you're almost there. And I figured when that happens, you can let them pass by like a bus not meant for you. Or you can get ready. So I got ready.   I cannot think of enough to say about this gorgeous book!! Emma, Jesse and Sam's story is so totally engrossing, you will feel like you are reading about your good friends. I cared deeply about what was going to happen to these three and was completely blown away by the direction this book took. This is a richly written, detailed story about first love, family, friendship and growing up. The ending is enormously satisfying and I found myself re-reading passages this book after I finished. I was not ready to say goodbye to these characters! ONE TRUE LOVES is certainly one of the best books of the year and one of new top favorite books ever. Don't miss this one!!   Favorite quote:   I don't think that true love means your only love.   I think true love means loving truly.   Loving purely. Loving wholly.   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
308	adjudicated	good	"There is nothing like the thrill of a new MC book from Joanna Wylde. Her characters feel real and each book is raw, sexy and fresh. Silver Bastard is no different, it is a thrill-ride from beginning to end. I fell in love with the two main characters and I absolutely adored Becca, she is a kick-ass heroine who is fighting for a better life and does so with humor and strength.   We first met Puck in Reapers Stand and now it is five years later as Puck is out of prison after taking the fall for his MC. His first night of freedom and he meets Becca, in an awkward situation that turns ugly very fast. Puck is a stand-up guy and he basically saves Becca's life. Several years later, Becca is living in a small town in Northern Idaho, working and attending school. She is only 21 but is much older than her years.   Becca knows that Puck is not the right guys for her, she has been trying to avoid trouble since she left home 5 years before. But the problem is that Puck can't stay away from Becca and feels protective of her in every sense. They fight, they argue, they battle, but this book is so filled with humor and fast-paced action that the classic ""will-they-won't they"" feels fresh and new and exciting. I couldn't put this book down! Silver Bastard is one of my favorite Joanna Wylde books and I have read them all.   Puck can't stay away from Becca and he is an Alpha MC biker so... you can guess where things lead. Joanna Wylde's incredibly steamy scenes between Puck and Becca and the fantastic storyline kept me hooked from the very beginning. I can't say enough about her writing and her MC books. Although there are many serious and dark issues raised in this book, our hero and heroine eventually get their HEA (of course) and the funny and witty dialogue provided a welcome relief from all the drama.   I love all Joanna Wylde's characters and I was excited to see some other characters introduced here. As usual, I can't wait for her next book. If you love great writing with tons of steamy scenes and some rough and gritty drama, then you will love Silver Bastard.   Favorite Quote: (because this perfectly captured Puck and Becca):   ""We've been in a relationship for five years now,"" Puck said, his voice hard. 'It wasn't normal, it wasn't exclusive... Hell, I don't know what the fuck it was, but we both know that's the truth. Whatever's between us, it's been there since the first night we met.""   (ARC provided by the publisher in return for an honest review.)"
433	adjudicated	poor	For Cathy's review and an excerpt from the book, go to The Book Bellas
488	adjudicated	average	Can you ever recapture the thrill of your first love? T. Torrest has gifted us readers with a nostalgic, sweet, sexy and emotional story about two high schoolers trying to navigate the treacherous waters of first love. More than anything, Trip and Layla are great friends, but both are too young and perhaps inexperienced to move things forward in the romance department.   Trip has become one of my favorite book boyfriends. He is sweet, gorgeous, a little insecure and a little damaged. I absolutely devoured this nostalgic story about small-town life and loved all the swoon-worthy moments in this book. Trip is the new kid in school and Layla quickly befriends him. But she falls for him, and isn't sure of his feelings for her. The story takes place during senior year of high school so everyone is getting ready to go their own way, which adds to the overall poignant atmosphere of the story.   Remember When is a rich, funny, witty and beautiful look back at the feelings of our first true love. It is fast paced and filled with memorable characters. The final chapters of this book might contain one of my favorite scenes ever in a book. I am still thinking about it. I can't properly explain all the feelings that the author evoked in me while reading this book, but thank goodness I could start Book 2 immediately after finishing! I did not want to leave Trip and Layla and you won't either. One of my top books so far this year.
482	adjudicated	good	"5+++ stars!!!   If I could give this book 10 stars, I would. Fighting Redemption belongs on everyone's must-read list. The writing is perfection, the story is emotional, sexy, funny, beautiful and thrilling, and the characters will stay with you long after you finish the words on the page.   Kate McCarthy has created a memorable novel that is filled with so much emotion, loyalty and love, that I don't even know how I can do justice to her written words. I absolutely fell in love with Jake, Ryan and Fin and was rooting for all of them from the first page! Ryan had very painful childhood and grows up desperate to leave his small town far behind. He has a burning desire to join the military and no one, not even the beautiful and sweet Fin, can change his course. He loves her deeply but feels that he must let her move on with her life because the military will always come first for him.   ""He shouldn't still be feeling this way after so many years. Why was he doing this to her, and to himself? It was better for everyone if he stayed away like he was supposed to.""   Fin, too, tries to move on but is drawn to Ryan and can't let go.   ""She took a step closer and he breathed her in, her scent like jasmine on a hot summer's day. He was surprised when he looked into her eyes and saw anger burning hotly in their depths.""   The book perfectly outlines their struggles to love, overcome loss, and be real and honest with one another.   ""Why can't I force myself to leave?"" He rested his forehead against hers and closed his eyes. ""I hurt too. For six years I fought every day not to think of you, and I lost, because every day you were all I could see. You were the best thing in my life--so sweet and innocent, and so goddamn tempting."" His hand strayed from her hip and slid down to grip her ass. He swallowed the groan. ""I stayed away so you could move on.""   This is easily one of my top books of 2013 and it is a must-read!! Fighting Redemption is the perfect mix of Alpha heroes, emotion, sexy times, a great story and extremely well-written characters. There are also several great twists to the story which will keep you on your toes. Kate McCarthy is an extremely gifted writer and I can't wait for more stories from her. (And I heard that she is writing a bonus chapter to Fighting Redemption, so stay tuned!)"
